 it should be noted that the decision-making process should be taken into account in the decision of the conference to resolve the procedure and the selection of the latter.
 <unk> in hong kong, those who are operating in hong kong are required to set up licences in hong kong.
 this is indeed the most important thing, since otherwise it will be left to the future.
 i have also clarified the number of questions that have been raised at this meeting.
 even if the use of the use of the use of vegetarian character is used, those who wish to do so are not able to obtain relevant information.
 with regard to drug methods, experts recommend that the use of certain treatment methods be used.
 in addition, there is no need for a special task to provide a specialized special force.
 at least a minimum of 45 per cent can be said to be at least 45 per cent of the cosmetics.
 from 6.45 am to 10.45 am, all vehicles should not be allowed to use the expo drive, expo drive central and expo drive east.
 at the end of december 1996, the serbian republic had been subjected to an escalation of harassment by non-serbian travelers.
 he said that the russian federation believes that these communications are not considered by the russian federation.
 from the end of september to the 2 week of september, a week-long briefing and audio programmes for non-governmental organizations (ngos) were held for non-governmental organizations.
 secondly, the public sector and the public sector have to be relieved of their winds and needs to be curbed.
 he stressed that the frente polisario had accepted the fact that the cease-fire was intended to achieve self-determination.
 i do not have any meaning, " he said.
 social welfare expenditure has been rapid growth; this year's expenditure will increase by 24<unk> compared with last year.
 in the case of a free market economy, this issue must be addressed in order to cope with the needs and increase in supply.
 mr law chi-kwong: madam president, i would like to respond to the honourable miss christine loh's amendment.
 the spokesman said that the new rental level was a burden on the tenants.
 the government of canada is in the process of assessing the impact of the committee.
 of course, family members have to be deceived, and the house has been searched and even destroyed.
 the officials serve for a period of two and a half years.
 a number of deaths have been caused by bomb explosions.
 tourism is the countries of the caribbean region, and from mexico to the caribbean island of the caribbean island eastern caribbean.
 in 1990, kuwait invaded its national economic fabric.
 yes, it is still alive.
 article 35, paragraph 1, of 1992 (see para. 1).
 turning to the issue of monetary issues in asia, the deputy prime minister reaffirms rmbs depreciation.
 mr tam has contributed significantly to the openness and distance of education from other places.
 he also made a complaint to the food and sanitation bureau as a whole.
 the verifications publicly accused people of <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk>
 in view of the limitations of space limitations, it has to be reimbursed to the cctv.
 in this way, the office of the secretariat of the world secretariat has been able to simplify what clauses are meant to ensure that the rights will not be lost in this process.
 right, right, it's just that, you are far too far away.
 the prospects for the united nations have shown a lot.
 the pig was eaten with sweet potatoes, just like the rice.
 the objective of the new plan was to set up 18 outreaching health centres and 18 outreaching health teams in early 2000.
 as a result of the government's commitment to the government's head of government, he was able to recommend to the government department from overseas studies.
 in order to protect hong kong's confidence and confidence, we must continue to maintain the existing residence in hong kong.
 the labour sector has been firmly opposed to the approach adopted by the government.
 over the past four decades, king shaan king has been a great friend of the united states and the middle east.
 in order to cope with the erosion of the water lost only, it can only be used for the construction of the shoreline.
 it is hoped that the guidelines of the committee would be more reserved for the retention of their alternatives.
 they believe that this may be neglected.
 the most difficult situation among the special situation is the doctors and teachers, and most of them are women.
 the committee further recommends that further efforts be made to promote the implementation of sustainable development programmes, particularly air pollution, particularly air pollution.
 the sierra leone army has continued its deployment on 29 may, and completed the deployment of the mission on 31 may.
 asianet daily summary-press releases for wednesday 10 december 2001 sydney, vol.
 the economies of many countries of the caribbean states are small, and their economic own economic own economy relies on foreign trade and tourism.
 " when i wasn't thoughtful, i wasn't thought to have loved love.
 the cabinet of the government of japan is beginning to start its visit to north point for an annual visit to north point.
 for example, only the only male hypertension was found to be used by the clerical unit, and was only women.
 there is also a lack of local administrative, management and technical skills in order to immediately restore infrastructure development.
 the special rapporteur notes that the whole story of the whole story encompasses all kinds and contradictions.
 however, this is a reflection that the nagorny karadzar-embracing machine-controlled control device, including flaws when it comes to control.
 motorists are advised to strictly observe the new legislation in order to avoid traffic accidents.
 these difficulties clearly demonstrate that emerging markets are still fragile, leading to the re-evaluation of these markets.
 mr. qiu zhendwai, at the time, at that time, resumed his contact with hutus.
 in many developing countries, it might be necessary to first establish the relevant training institutions set up.
 the first phase, which includes the relaxation of traffic west kowloon, kowloon west and the west kowloon road will be implemented on march 28.
 additional legal powers include the inclusion of a crime in order to handle the crime, as well as the heavier sentence, " he added.
 some participants pointed out that some governments had been confronted with the standard criteria for forced displacement of governments.
 the civil society and non-governmental organizations have also contributed positively to the outcome of the conference.
 records are privately owned and costly.
 at the same time, two pilots and the air force seniors will be liable on conviction to criminal offences.
 those opposed to those who oppose the amendment are not science.
 today, however, we are not in a position to inform the select committee of the select committee and the individual merits of the select committee.
 i think the only way to interpret " china's penal code " is the only way to deal with it.
 the law has been subjected to the restriction of military personnel, the police and the national civil service.
 the court, however, had a judgement in spanish, and the united states had no access to the judgement and assessment of the judgement in spanish.
 in doing so, there is a need for a distinction between production and crop production rather than food security.
 the scope of the discussion will include the integration of economies in transition outside the country.
 at the same time, it will have a great impact on the development of the country at large.
 he met with the british government, parliamentarians, parliamentarians, academics and experts as well as non-governmental organizations.
 with regard to china's imminent accession to the world trade organization, it is believed that the interests of the hong kong people will be far too loss.
 provision is made for the proposed amount of $ 50800 under the proposed article, representing an increase of $ 2269100 ($ 2269100).
 as regards the question of the length of work, the danish government has since no changes in the 3 periodic report.
 (e) the kowloon-canton railway station will be suspended from 1 am to 5 pm at mody road, kowloon.
 where homosexuality is found to be the right of homosexuals, the rights of the homosexual are bleak.
 with regard to the sierra leone police, the actual situation is still confined to the western part of the country.
 the united nations peacekeepers have been killed in the murders of the united nations peacekeepers.
 the agreement will assist in the conservation and sensitivity of the fish culture and the management of the oceans.
 such as tanks, mine-clearing equipment, fuel equipment and navigation equipment, as well as various logistics equipment, re-emergies and various logistics equipment.
 if this statement was made, article 9 and 10 did not affect the rights and obligations of the debtor or the debtor.
 the seriousness of the matter may even make it impossible for them to do so even if they are in a position to do so. "
 the building was constructed in 1920.
 the food and environmental hygiene department (fehd) has taken anti-mosquito measures.
 in china, the area of economic interests continues to expand.
 police are deploying more personnel to control the movement of passengers and baggage.
 the promotion of smallholders in the production of smallholders can increase the availability of food security and improve living conditions.
 in the past, the hong kong government had made a policy of " one's perception ".
 over 1 million palestinians have been killed since the outbreak of the september 2000 over 1 over 1 million palestinians.
 the chart below indicates that the distribution and general general use of special-purpose contributions in the past 5 years are reflected in the distribution of contributions.
 the results of the public consultations have shown that most of the respondents support the abolition of the rental exercise.
 the tribunal needs to be strengthened, management, oversight and control of these costs.
 even after the exhibition is available, 2<unk>3 of the works have even been sold to non-interference.
 3: maintaining the property market.
 in addition, severe flooding in china also hampered the exports of the mainland via the railway to the mainland.
 23 the advisory committee points out that in view of its budget levels, the undof establishment of a resident pension is not established.
 this is one of the five main achievements of ukraine.
 there is, however, a definite solution to other aspects of such problems.
 mr president, the problem of street sleepers in hong kong has always been a long-standing solution.
 since the bathing season for the beaches in the new territories will end on october 31, these beaches are closed to swimmers.
 when the relevant materials were submitted to the government doctors, they were disposed of by the government because of the government's failure to do so.
 the bombardment of yugoslavia in 1999 led to further deterioration of the situation and direct destruction of human settlements and environmental degradation.
 the six men were arrested for violating the dangerous goods ordinance.
 this committee is further reviewed by the division at the current session of the general assembly at its current session.
 for example, article 17 prohibits the arbitrary or unlawful interference with the family.
 it has been proved that different opinions and differences can be avoided in the context of peaceful means and a peaceful means of peaceful means.
 in order to prevent such a situation, the national efforts are being made in some areas of the country.
 the turkish republic of northern cyprus is therefore only the parties to the european court of justice.
 there is no room for a new era of peace in the middle east, and there has been no activity at all.
 this will be very important to ensuring a timely and successful follow-up mission, as well as a smooth transition.
 well, uh, today, uh, uh,, uh, will not be eligible for the general assembly.
 during the period, there was a voice from the voice of slaughtering pigs.
 the number of soldiers and migrants, particularly in the area, was 35 attacks, particularly in the area.
 the political stability of the malta is stable, with full respect for human rights.
 the deputy director-general of trade, mr mike rowse, said today (tuesday) that the trade department is undertaking a further step-by-step operation to enable the textiles trade to become more business-friendly.
 the use of tanks, artillery and the western part of the world has been indifferent to the fact that it is really very simple.
 there has been evidence that the east asian investment rate has been attributable to the increase in the proportion of people working in jobs.
 madam president, there will also be 51 in the world in the 21 century, with the advent of a knowledge-based economy.
 hong kong's economic and trade relations between china and hong kong will be jeopardized by the economic downturn.
 she mentioned that the results might not be smooth enough sometimes to be successful, but in order to attract resources.
 in the long run, there is a need for thorough settlement of the issue, and it is of course the subject of the harbour.
 the title of each issue is one of the four options for the selection of each one.
 however, after the two decades and millions of millions of people have been killed, the only thing we can do is to show open and firm spirit.
 the appointment of a government gazette published today was published today.
 all issues relating to logistical problems, including planning and option demining, are responsible for the operation of the operations unit.
 under the copyright ordinance, the maximum penalty for trafficking in pirated discs is a fine of $ 50000 and imprisonment for four years.
 the orbital device is 60.6 degrees celsius, 6.6 degrees celsius and 6.66 in orbits.
 he was not sure that i did not know the communist party.
 however, there is a need to further study and implement technical cooperation in order to combat the crimes that could be combated.
 poverty and inequality, as well as the employment and employment issues of unu work, is at the heart of unu work.
 the participants underlined the primary responsibility for the heads of states and the principles of international solidarity and cooperation.
 the existence of regional disarmament disarmament offices had the existence of an increase in the value of outside outside areas.
 he noted with satisfaction the fact that the amount of assessed contributions to be assessed in 2002 was substantially higher than in 2001.
 " the electronics and the opportunities can provide a new way of selling and marketing opportunities, " he added.
 secondly, if states parties wishing to continue such a agreement continue to be bound by their future, the agreement will continue to be valid.
 the report comprises all those who are committed to christianity, and, in particular, 89 per cent of the catholic church.
 copies of the text of the original text are available to the conference of the world conference.
 the exchange fund shall be appointed by the governor from time to time on the basis of the governor's authority from time to time.
 the maintenance of peace and stability in the korean peninsula is the safe guarantee of strengthening the security and prosperity of the north.
 let's take a look at the news of the medication.
 they also renounce the use of force and violence, and whether it would be possible to negotiate with any dispute over any dispute.
 at the same time, only the male educators have the right to do so.
 over the 1980s, the tung chee-hwa, the tenant of the republic of china, has made it possible for the republic of china to do so.
 in the 1 quarter of 2001, the labour market slowed down slightly in the 1 quarter of 2001.
 secretary for works: madam president, even if they have to use castle peak, i believe that it is not too serious.
 the motivations stem from the definition of crime, sometimes not fall.
 the united nations statistics division will observe the process.
 at the same time, because of budgetary constraints, domestic capital markets may not be able to provide financing for large-scale infrastructure projects in the country.
 all along, the government has been implementing the legislation to regulate drug policy, education and publicity.
 on 13 december 2000, the government of the south-east of the south-east of the south-east asian countries signed the declaration on human rights.
 if the parents resides in different countries, their children are entitled to the same rights (art. 53).
 the people of hong kong will be found to be acquitted-to-date <unk>
 in conclusion, the male rate of male literacy was 69 per cent.
 at present, the proposed sentence will obstruct freedom of association.
 the inter-agency committee on the use of a nuclear-weapon-free zone was confirmed by the inter-agency committee on nuclear laden.
 the panel finds that most of the purchases have been consumed by goods, and therefore recommends full compensation.
 there has been a multi-year cooperation between the government and the employer of the employer.
 when he entered the university of europe, he was one of the most challenging universities in europe.
 it was due to the miseries that had been used by the international community as a result of this scourge, which had been used by the international community for 20 minutes.
 the 3 obligation is the implementation of the right to food.
 the sentence was implemented by the public security authorities.
 the other three rounds of talks were repeated in 1997.
 in recent years, the international community has a great deal of resources and resources to address the issue of anti-personnel landmines.
 in order to achieve more effective and effective cooperation, the observer for the general assembly will be very useful.
 mr tsang will return to hong kong on august 31 (sunday).
 this type of variance does not help the people of hong kong and the international community to understand the content of the programme.
 12 per centx <unk> 92e8 <unk> escalator, turkmenistan, vol. cit <unk> amp; d <unk>x <unk> 911a <unk> der.
 if no polling vote for the polls is received, please call the election hotline-2588 1212 or fax to 1969.
 the achievement of peace in the middle east is now almost nearing, and cannot be deprived of this opportunity.
 after the end of the day, the final finally stabilized at around 4400.
 the members of the council made comments and posed questions in connection with the briefing.
 the defendant claimed that the claim was a guarantee of the freedom of expression provided for in the basic law.
 the weather forecastings in the evening of the day will take place in the evening of the first day of the weather forecast.
 the president, representing the international community.
 " there are many international funds and institutions in hong kong, " he said.
 the accused intended the civilian population as such or individual civilians not taking direct part in hostilities to be the object of the attack.
 following the successful launch of the trial launched in october 1997, the number of tests carried out in 1998.
 the international court of justice thanked the international court of justice for its assistance.
 we will continue to invest heavily in education to ensure that hong kong has enough talents to meet the needs of hong kong.
 the committee recommends that the state party develop and formulate a comprehensive policy on the rights and development of children.
 i am pleased to officiate at the opening session of the hong kong market for 2003.
 ms. multipolar (unep) (unu) (spoke in united nations environment) (spoke in spanish): the information gathered in the united nations conference on environment and development at rio wishes and messages.
 this problem relates to other issues related to refugee returns, and travel to the territory, etc.
 the representative of the european union fully supported the majority of the recommendations made by the experts.
 the central and international market plays a dominant role in sierra leone in sierra leone, which is still a potential source of potential instability.
 china attaches importance to the reconstruction of afghanistan.
 the adoption of procedures is entirely legal and legal, but it may be possible to find out some sort of offence.
 the case is also a serious threat to the case.
 since the last report of the national programme of action has been belgium, the netherlands, norway, portugal, portugal and the united states.
 he would like to write to the proposal of a chinese calligraphy: 21.
 during the visit, mr tung was briefed on the day-to-day operation of the plant.
 the ministry of defence is also responsible for the maintenance of the 22 project contracts for the maintenance of the three air bases.
 ambassador to the ministry of foreign affairs of the ministry of foreign affairs of the sudan (norway).
 the owner of a group of 230 gallons per person per day (49 94 degrees celsius) was made available to them.
 we wanted to go to africa and to bring the girl child to the attention of tomorrow.
 we strongly encourage them to adhere to the proposed economic expansion of the bretton woods institutions.
 buddhist buddhism has become a buddhism of chinese culture with chinese culture and chinese culture.
 investigations by the police are still being investigated by the police in the vicinity of the vicinity.
 i would like to wish this forum every success in this forum, and we hope that hong kong will be very happy.
 the precision of the anti-mosquito wars began in the context of the environment.
 the under-secretary-general for management was set up to monitor the implementation of the project.
 the small and medium-sized enterprises (smes) are heavily influenced by individual markets, which can lead to corporate profitability.
 the observers also think that 7 per cent of economic growth rates in 7 per cent are further preventable and social disturbances.
 he said the sea " is a terror of terror, " he said.
 we will continue to promote the movement of the movement and plan to increase the number of computers at the end of this year.
 he was former members of the former legislative council (in 1997-92) and former legislative council members (1997).
 we hope that an effective contribution will be made when the peace and security of the united nations are threatened.
 it was important to maintain the operation of the government when its operation was operated.
 however, it would be possible to do so.
 the zone includes the tiny slopes, the village and the village of san tsuen hill hill slopes.
 however, at the same time he was able to go to a hotel.
 the committee has, however, had a profound setback to the work of certain factions.
 in addition to the food and drinks, the task force met in accordance with the administrative items required by each of the three men.
 in more months, members of the public and members of the legislative council have argued for the efficiency and performance of the civil service.
 i would also like to thank the members of the council for their continued silence over the silence of the council.
 in addition to a few items of basic foodstuffs, gold, flight and endangered species, all other goods will be imported into the open general licence.
 a police spokesman said the mainland would continue to work closely with the mainland enforcement authorities in fighting crime in the fight against crime.
 the awareness of awareness in the context of the world conference on racism was fully consistent with the 3 world conference.
 while the taxi driver went to the hospital, he went to the hospital for a shot.
 the department of health (dh) today (friday) released the findings of the 1998 food surveillance programme for the first 11 months of 1998.
 at the same time, the existing arrangements have also been recognized by the existing arrangements.
 " the reader's statement today shows a normal figure. "
 on the contrary, many representatives remained in favour of the budget-based budgeting budget.
 for consideration of the review and possible extension of the treaty on the non-proliferation of nuclear weapons next spring.
 the 1 group is in western europe, canada, the united states, canada, japan, the republic of korea, australia, the republic of korea, and the law.
 english language is the 2 language of the language.
 for the elderly, there is no reason for the establishment of the " elderly people ".
 all of this is occurring in the context of the new freedom of movement within the framework of new freedom.
 the egyptian president is also the same as the " seventh day " of egypt, which is the same as as well as the thaksin.
 many people live in poverty-stricken areas.
 in the case of advertising signboards, the number of advertisement signboards has been introduced last year to promote public safety.
 it was reported that the muslims had been beaten with the christian community on 1 january 2000.
 there is no doubt that the liberian government continues to violate the arms embargo.
 landmines have not only caused enormous losses to the whole of the countries of the affected countries.
 foreign leaders have successfully maintained their low-intensity domestic reserves.
 when kmt president chiang ching-kuo was concerned with his wife, chiang hsiao-yen was born and raised in his heart.
 the clause of article 5 of the bill provides that the right of reply can be investigated by the adjudication panel.
 mr ambrose lau: mr president, 1997 is not only an important year for chinese history, but also in the history of the united kingdom.
 our language is saying that there is a chinese saying: " if you want to sleep, you 're sleeping. "
 the court rejected the accused's argument that japan was unlikely to launch a peace base in japan, namely japan.
 the positive response given by the business community was that the opportunity offered by the business community to show its own role and indicated its willingness to assist development.
 the general folo santos will be in this task in mid-stream.
 so far, there are about 16000 applicants who are currently eligible for permanent residents.
 fissile material on the fissile material cut-off treaty is said to be closely linked with the ctbt to the general review process.
 the secretariat of the secretariat made a report to the commission during the period under review and did not have any presumption against the case.
 he is still in the 80s.
 all countries in the world are now experiencing financial tensions, such as global, regional and domestic economies.
 <unk> the weekly press will be held at regular intervals.
 the human rights of human rights and the rights of the people in the world are in place in 1984.
 however, the choice of this site will affect the long-term effects of the gardens on gardens, while the united nations and neighbouring communities will lose their borders.
 the new zealand police continues to investigate the incident.
 we are convinced that the situation in that country does not constitute a threat to international, regional peace and security.
 a number of data collections, especially in the context of the stock-for-supported internet, are of much simpler.
 the prosecution of the case will take place in the early part of september 2002.
 to reconcile the operational activities of the sub-commission and the other required additional requirements for the detection of the equipment.
 similarly, the choice of repayable options for the repayment of the repayment period could be accelerated.
 concerted efforts should be made to implement the new and other priority actions of this new and other priority.
 conflict is rooted in poverty, deprivation and discrimination.
 a 47-year-old man attempted to fight the fire, but he was seriously injured and sustained injuries to his body.
 a person is involved in the hostilities.
 the government has denied that there are 6 individuals who have suffered any physical and psychological ills.
 the reason is that the iraqi authorities wish to deal with a small company.
 the spokesman for the government of the hong kong special administrative region (sar) spokesman felt that this could be the result of a direct and direct result.
 hong kong is a symbol of hong kong's international city, high buildings and prosperity.
 it was noted that the united nations system was more competitive than the 1920s in the 1920s.
 the closing end of the 15-day period is the city of hubei.
 we are all the people of hong kong.
 the ombudsman, as well as officers, military observers and medical personnel, have accepted peacekeeping training.
 the committee welcomes the achievements of the state party's success in the success of the state party's achievements, but the problem of illiterate and curative.
 in addition, the high level of suicides, the elderly and the elderly services are far from enough.
 on 19 april 2000, the government of the sudan announced that the air bombarded air bombings in all areas of self-defence.
 it was stated that this era of this era is not a " search for " work ", but it's not the case.
 otherwise, if mongolia returns to return to its country, russia will not benefit from the rise of the russians.
 specific circumstances were also taken into account, such as the extent to which the commitment of the country was met, as well as the level of forest management.
 they were accompanied by the director-general of the hong kong academy for performing arts.
 in accordance with established practice, other delegations will be seated in english and french.
 graduates of the commercial world have been equipped with practical skills skills skills skills.
 the government of sweden is deeply concerned about the considerable communication of the government of sweden pending the consideration of the matter.
 undcp uses the external evaluation exercise and its funding is derived from all the projects of the project budget.
 the governor said that the hong kong economy had a sound and robust growth rate every year.
 in this connection, i learned that the transition to the transitional administrative committee today was first held, and starting today.
 last year, in order to support the democratic people's republic of korea, the republic of korea dispatched a infant camp in to east timor.
 he did not say that the guide was not important; it remained very important.
 particular attention has been paid to those countries that are in need of assistance in the preparation of the initial report.
 women who had been ill-treatment women were women who did not want to find their own problems to solve their problems.
 the effectiveness of the sanctions regime is determined by the implementation of the sanctions regime.
 the above-mentioned activities are proof.
 there is also an effective mechanism to implement the mediation mechanism.
 we are in a sense of self-sufficiency in self-sufficiency in self-interest.
 only after these problems have been overcome, only a better development can be achieved.
 the philippines is one of the five awards each year, and international awards for international cooperation are one of them.
 .. following the cooling season, the bowl of strenuous lights and drums (instones des emissions).
 one participant said that this phenomenon persisted in the fact that there had been persistent controversy in the fact that the country had always advocated outstanding figures.
 today, however, there are also areas of interest to non-proliferation: to avoid further proliferation of illicit nuclear weapons.
 the suspect was a 35-year-old man and a 35-year-old man.
 he noted that this state of affairs was operating well and that the region was not the same as the rest of the region.
 these letters should be kept from the secretary-general's secretary-generals secretary-generals secretary-general, who asked for the delegation.
 the under-secretary-general for disarmament affairs, mr. jayantha dhanapala, at its 8 5 plenary meeting, on 28 february 2002.
 the establishment of the preparatory committee for the sarg is embodied in the fundamental direction of the hong kong sar.
 however, as a result of the pick-up in local demand, there was a widespread pick-up in domestic demand.
 these wastes are usually used in unwelcome equipment, and they are more even-handed.
 on the whole morning of the day, patrolling patrolling police vehicle was travelling along the streets.
 in order to maintain the overall cost of expenditure, these increases would need to be offset by the increase in the number of crises.
 in order to promote the professionalism of the construction industry, it is a matter of serious concern to the industry.
 under the existing system, there is no specific measure of inflation.
 the hong kong air services transit airlines wins best in the best results and optimal crises.
 this is the first time that mohammed and the nurturing of mohamed eventually.
 the unexpected thing to be safe and orderly security would be the world's generality in order to secure a safe order.
 in accordance with article 2 of the act, the fight against terrorism is the jurisdiction of the czech police.
 the states members of the european union have already been able to do so, and stands ready to provide their expertise to any state party to the requesting state party.
 we must take this path.
 in addition, the roadside bomb explosions killed an american soldier.
 there will be plenty of sunshine on december 30, 1999 with a slight reversal of the northerly wind and weather.
 in addition, africa is the only region which has been the only region in the early 1990s.
 senior citizens, people with disabilities, full-time students and comprehensive social security assistance recipients will enjoy half-price concession.
 however, the tribunal may decide whether to allow journalists to attend the hearing of the case.
 in addition, all religious religions urged the international community to respect and respect the right and dignity.
 they later took me to see some " black box rooms ".
 they do not want to see the confrontation between cross-strait relations and confrontation, confrontation, and even harm.
 we have been indifferent to the fact that our mood is correct and we have been seized.
 some of the younger brothers (the non-chinese ethnic chinese) have chosen the choice of chinese medicine.
 the proposed introduction of new fees and charges is also expected to exceed 100 tv channels.
 she was told that a 12-year-old woman was immediately told to tell his 12-year-old wife.
 this was followed by the mainland (9.8<unk>), germany (6.2<unk>), germany (5.7<unk>), japan (5.5<unk>) and france (4.1<unk>).
 we hope that the member states of the united nations will be able to take note of the needs of those operations that have already been mentioned.
 at this juncture, many women, children and the elderly people have died as a result of the death toll in the middle east.
 the 1 is flexibility.
 the united states is also the largest contributor of war crimes in rwanda and the former yugoslavia.
 preparations for the ministerial segment to be held in the 46 session of the commission, including the themes, content and arrangements.
 the security threat is not only an obstacle to the accumulation of weapons, but also from poverty, unemployment and environmental degradation.
 the claimant provided a copy of the loan agreement to the property of the claimed property.
 terrorism poses a major problem of global concern to the international community.
 the closer economic partnership arrangement between the mainland and the mainland is closer to the end of this month.
 asianet daily summary-press releases distributed for wednesday, 21 november, 2001.
 i also wish to mention the important roles of civil society; i would like to say a few words on this issue.
 in addition, the macau firearms act and the munitions ordinance may also control arms flows from arms.
 people are now paying attention to the provision of essential medicines, infrastructure and services, for the delivery of essential health care, human rights and the provision of health care.
 in addition, in november 1993, the seminar will be held in bolivia.
 enquiries about the survey results may be directed to the wholesale and retail trade statistics section of the census and statistics department on 2802 1258.
 <unk> 7 <unk> on the 1 session of the ad hoc committee, the majority of the delegations proposed the deletion of this paragraph.
 mrs ip pointed out that after conducting a feasibility study on the feasibility study, the smart identity cards were smarter.
 the courage of the people in east germany has been a decisive trigger for the decision taken by the peace revolution.
 <unk> any restrictions related to investment, such as the transfer of notes and related fees.
 my colleague from the liberal party honourable colleague, mr edward ho, is well aware of my remarks.
 perhaps this is why the government of iraq is indeed unwilling to retain the status quo.
 the government has taken steps to establish a mechanism for improving the situation of women in lesotho.
 he declared that the people of cuba would be regarded as the enemy.
 the submission of the final report was submitted to government officials, including the deadline for implementation.
 it was to be hoped that the report of the secretary-general of the special rapporteur would be necessary.
 these are the priorities that have been agreed upon by the international community in the area of nuclear disarmament since 1995.
 mrs ip said that legislative proposals were included in the legislative proposals on the legislative proposals.
 the transport department (td) announces that, as a result of the traffic accident in tung chung road, it is completely closed to traffic.
 i do not intend to introduce this amendment because of the legislative enactment of the government.
 it might be useful to give greater priority to the risk management of the prohibition on the prohibition of hazardous wastes that were prohibited.
 i assure you of my delegation's full support.
 the parties will take the necessary measures to prevent the pollution of the environment, to ensure that natural resources are used.
 the department also issued 36 occupation permits -- seven on hong kong island, 16 in kowloon and 13 in the new territories.
 the secretary-general welcomes the proposals for the planning and management of headquarters and management.
 mr sin just now persuaded him to convince him that he might have been persuaded.
 in the light of the united nations and the organization of african unity (oau), the proposed settlement plan should be met by the united nations and the organization of african unity (oau).
 i hope members will actively support these recommendations, speeding up and planning procedures.
 taiwan has been working hard on the road to north japan.
 in the first year of the first day of the sheng chen, south korea's middle school, south korea's 2 largest city in south korea.
 the international community must therefore continue to urge the international community to urge the two parties to fully implement the principle of " good faith ".
 you are a labor party, but indeed democracy and democracy are the democratic party.
 mr tsang said the secretary for fire services, mr luk ping-chuen, said the fire services training training programme was launched in april last year.
 in armenia, there has been a strong commitment to the aids prevention of the aids epidemic and in practice.
 at the same time, there is a significant increase in the actual wages of the workforce in many industrialized countries.
 in the area of comparatively developed regions, 4 per cent of the population of the 7 per cent elderly people live in such institutions.
 the total number of services covered by basic services is 11 511.
 as mentioned in paragraph 12 above, the panel considers that this over-subsidized standards are over-simplifying.
 we all need to experience the process, but it should be extremely difficult to prevent the negative impact of the discussions on the united nations's image.
 in developing countries, the rate of growth in rural areas exceeds faster than the urban areas.
 in the republic of korea, for example, in 1996, india's investment began to exceed the conventional trade and partner partners in india.
 in the last sentence of the 2 time, the 1 sentence was set out in the last sentence of an absence of sufficient evidence.
 in conclusion, we believe that the united nations has played a pivotal role in the united nations in the organization of crises.
 we are dealing with the problem of the exploitation of resources from the democratic republic of the congo.
 as a result, one of the principles of the charter of the united nations was to begin with the principles of the united nations charter.
 with regard to nutrition, my country notes that since 1997.
 a month later, they returned to the gambia.
 a number of participants stressed the importance of the united nations general assembly prevention and treatment of offenders.
 she suggested that, according to the informal consultations with member states, the secretariat was drafting a revised version of the revised agenda.
 21 smaller towns and cities have provided services to the community centre.
 the president announced that there were 22 votes in favour of the amendment and 31 in favour of the amendment.
 i am comparatively relatively tall, although it is not qualified to be qualified, but it is a relatively small place.
 the right to respect for the right to political rights is one of the most important and most basic human rights.
 the employment rate in rural areas is lower than that of the entire transition period.
 the situation in mogadishu was particularly precarious.
 at the initial stage of the volcanic crisis, the minister of education has been forced to use the residential, restaurant, tents and barrights.
 a total of 118 reports (see annex iv).
 this also leads to the search for a neighbouring country.
 (1) between the council and the conference, insert the words between the council and the conference.
 hebei and changsha in cheung chau use using the above services to tung chung and cheung sha wan.
 it is not easy to further delay the consequences of the debate on disarmament.
 the president (translated from spanish): i thank the representative of the republic of korea for his statement and the kind words addressed to the chair.
 experience has shown that the personnel of the mission and the staff of humanitarian organizations are often threatened.
 additional requirements for extrabudgetary funds are available for temporary funding, with short-term funds being deposited with short-term funds.
 since the fifty-fifth session of the commission on human rights, the special rapporteur has been improving the situation in the area.
 in conclusion, the government of the sudan categorically denied that it had any connection with the incident.
 this request has been approved by the party central committee.
 in almost all cases, the banks have their own research studies and their own needs and needs.
 with regard to the " grant ", i would like to respond later on whether or not, " he says.
 if the minister of minister was not involved in the minister's insistence, he feared that there would not have been any good efficiency in today's endeavour.
 professor li-chih, for 14 years now, has used inputs to inputs for the production of cocaine energy resources.
 if the fear is not good enough, it will never be the case.
 the committee urges the state party to guarantee the state partys commitment to the activities of non-state actors and the private sector.
 with nature and the nature of nature, there is a relationship with the people.
 the contract was signed today with a value of $ 18640400000, an amount valued at $ 11640400000.
 the view was expressed that the reduction in the frequency and reduction of the treatment and treatment of patients would think that they would be more insistent.
 the work of the working group is now a 10- under-secretary-general and is responsible for construction of the engineering project centre.
 the need for a comprehensive set of comprehensive primary health facilities is essential.
 in addition, the mechanisms for coordinating coordination are very necessary.
 a: you have to say, " you 're quite lonely. "
 i will not.
 the committee also expresses its concern at the participation of the people of al-qaeda by their own parent.
 this represents a sharp contrast with the growth of the 1990s between 1991 and 1996.
 however, our vast majority of our loyalty have won the fruits of change.
 " it uses the tender documents and submitting tenders to the tender documents, " he said.
 on 22 december, the province of bengo province, governor of north-east province.
 mr tsang will return to hong kong on the same day.
 mr tang stressed that hong kong had always been a fair distribution of the contract for fair distribution.
 the fishing vessels were reportedly taken to san jose and was subsequently released on bail until then.
 this is the vanguard.
 it was noted that the possession of sexual security rights had been regarded as a powerful security guarantee and had already been fully regulated.
 the npcsc is also very easy to understand the power of the npcsc.
 in the view of the panel, the issue of the question of how to donors is well-known.
 the 2 trial was conducted in the second half of 2004.
 the equal opportunities vary between men and women to ensure equal opportunities for equal opportunities.
 the field operation has urged the above-mentioned agencies to deal with these cases, while also assist the rehabilitation of the justice system.
 in belgium, france, the united republic of tanzania and the united states of america and the united states of america and the united states of america.
 the competition is scheduled to take place on april 23 and the prize presentation ceremony will be held in may each year.
 in conclusion, he said the united states government was grateful for the work done by the under-secretary-general for internal oversight services.
 the palestinians must work to stop the attacks on innocent civilians.
 repair work is being urgently carried out and normal supply is expected to resume at 5 pm today.
 the chairman noted that he had been trying to introduce a balanced draft of the various positions of the parties to the parties.
 the linked exchange rate system is the key element in the maintenance of financial and financial stability.
 dr chung is temporarily unable to fill in the air.
 as a result of the flood prevention works, a total of 7282 hectares of private agricultural lots were to be recovered from the local agricultural sector.
 the political area is no longer sufficient to understand the rules of regulation of professional governance.
 in february this year, the government of the republic of korea became officially as president of the republic of korea.
 for example, there is a case of a fair competition for fair competition.
 in the area of news public information, these indigenous people are all heartened.
 the food and other articles of food and other articles and other articles are not interrupted.
 norway is beginning to promote the creation of a new dialogue on the establishment of a new dialogue for cooperation in the area.
 heart.
 the hierarchy bridge, which was launched in november last year, has been enthusiastic in all parts of the world.
 chief executive: mr ho, i have to talk about this issue in my previous time when you talk about this issue.
 police today (thursday) appeal to members of the public to provide information on two missing persons.
 in the 1970s, it was reported that the farmer's pictures should be kept in the grip of the river.
 those killed and injured were civilians.
 prof. premier yu kuo-hwa, premier yu kuo-hwa, was reading a speech on december 20, 2000.
 these missiles have a range of 150 kilometres of the range of 150 kilometres from neighbouring countries.
 in many sub-saharan african countries, female illiteracy rates in many sub-saharan african countries had reached over 50 per cent.
 it would be interesting to note that in the past, the chang's long-awaited approach was made in the past.
 mr president, probably a year ago i and mr ronald arculli, i visited beijing.
 no one would like to speak.
 an average of 10 per cent of the major securities market averaged 10 per cent, compared with 25 per cent in the market.
 similarly, it calls on those states that continue to use, manufacture or acquisition of such activities.
 kimberly <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> 95 <unk> of the total amount of gold in taiwan was five 95<unk> of the total.
 this is not true, and the two banks have refused to do so.
 the 110-meter hurdle at the junction of wyndham road will be suspended.
 the hearing was conducted at the 14 floor, guardian house, 32 oi kwan road, wan chai.
 she was rushed to the hospital for emergency treatment and rushed to the hospital where she was certified dead shortly after arrival.
 she was hospitalized in hospital for treatment in a number of cases where she had visited her visit.
 in the present report, the initial report of kazakhstan has not yet been received.
 as at 4 pm today, fehd has issued 45 fixed penalty notices.
 this has been said by italy, in accordance with the requirements of the alphabetical order, and the transfer of confiscated confiscated orders.
 three quarters of the population of the region have been forced to abandon their back, hundreds of thousands of people and their internally displaced persons.
 after a large-scale murder of the war in afghanistan last year, afghanistan is suffering from serious hazards.
 we need the same. "
 the situation has led to an disturbing phenomenon, that is, that many of those groups are not intended to use health and other care.
 these new arrivals from north afghanistan have come from north afghanistan.
 this will not be disappointed at this year's chaotic chao-shan and this year.
 <unk> 15 new secondary schools.
 from asia and the united states, american scholars and american scholars will introduce the traditional folk cultures, bhutan, south korea, the middle east and japan.
 the sudanese government has no objection to his visit to the sudanese people's liberation army to the sudanese people's liberation army in south sudan.
 the panel has checked several cases of police and judicial records. these cases involve trafficking in arms and ammunition and are under investigation and trial.
 the committee also requested the slovakia to disseminate the views of the general population in the country on the whole country.
 on instructions from my government, i have the honour to inform you of the events of 16 november 1996.
 it also aims to gradually eliminate the energy efficiency of the market efficiently in the market.
 it is also estimated that all residents of the province are still in need of humanitarian assistance in the province.
 the chairman suggested that, as a result of the further consultations, the committee should continue to consider the draft resolution at a later stage.
 this is to provide a range of kilometres of missiles in order to defence.
 a certain amount of rapid technological and financial integration has resulted in a rapid economic and financial transformation leading to the increasing complexity of national decision-making.
 in addition, it will also be possible to monitor and review the political monitoring and review of the civil service.
 travel, communications and other project differences exceeded 69 per cent of the budget, 98 per cent and 149 per cent respectively.
 i do not think that these risks are the extent to which the united nations reaches the united nations.
 sustaining head injuries, the woman was rushed to queen mary hospital where she was certified dead later.
 despite the rapid integration of many developing countries into the multilateral trading system, it has not yet been anticipated.
 the history of history undoubtedly gives us a huge amount: closures and retaining our economic future.
 the united states and the united states should pay a price for aggression against iraq and the united states.
 prior to 1996, the recent executions were carried out in 1982 and 1983.
 in the 1999 and 2000 activities of the commission, he pledged a number of specific programmes to implement the programme.
 the united states government has not been able to provide a evidence to confirm such allegations.
 those who have committed those acts have not been prosecuted for the prosecution of the judicial authorities.
 the representatives of the economic and social council (including the 54 session of the commission on human rights, including the commission on human rights at its 54 session).
 at the time of the submission of the claim, the committee will provide further information on the claimant's claims in the light of the rules.
 on 9 february 1996, the government approved the development of two projects to support the development of the two projects in support of the demobilization process.
 we are actively reaffirming the principle of the values of the values of the rights of children.
 in 1994, for example, 1484 students from 1484 schools were eligible for entrance examinations for the university entrance examination.
 a police spokesman reiterated that similar operations would be conducted regularly to crack down on all vice activities in the district.
 with the support of audiences, alizu has won the silver medal.
 this report covers the period from 18 august 1995 to 20 september 1996, through its adoption of the twenty-seventh report of the special committee.
 as mentioned in paragraph 1.2, the anti-terrorism bill will involve the provision of support to terrorist acts.
 with regard to energy recovery facilities, he said that the government was studying the useful energy-saving facilities for social recovery.
 to that end, the special representative urges the international community to launch the implementation of the " one-year era ".
 more attention must also be given to the growing number of human rights abuses in the world.
 i would also like to say a few words on you, and oppose the representative of the united states.
 the united nations information centre in benin, the united nations information centre in benin, the united nations information centre in benin, beirut, the united nations information centre, new york, the united nations information centre, geneva, the united kingdom of great britain and northern ireland, paris, europe, paris, tokyo, paris
 in relation to the area of outer space, special concerns relate to the principles and requirements of radiation sources and requests for interference.
 the 4 32-year-old man landed land landed landing land landed in inner mongolia.
 the bureau later decided that the draft guidelines should be submitted to the preparatory commission at its 8 session.
 the transfer of non-proliferation related to non-proliferation related to non-proliferation related to the non-proliferation of weapons of mass destruction is also included in other issues.
 mr chan said that road link road will be opened in july.
 we hope to take a decision very much.
 as well as representatives of all sectors of the community, special invitations have been attended to the reception at the reception.
 in addition, this was also caused by the frustration experienced by the populations of the populations of the population.
 <unk> 37 <unk> the constitution of china and some of the eastern european countries, as well as the russian federation and certain eastern european countries.
 no distinction has been made between the low backs of residents in the region.
 if all members of the public are to be aware of the phenomenon of recent years, we can see the phenomenon of air pollution in hong kong.
 the central bank said that this initiative would facilitate the consolidation of the effectiveness of the process.
 at present, we still have no information on how israel deals with the 3 batch of students ' information.
 at that time, he sent a total of 12 sets of material to him.
 the association strives to work for the elderly, especially its members and the well-being of their members and their work.
 among the banks in hong kong, one of the 5 world international banks is the lowest in the world.
 in all levels, all levels of education are considered as professionalism at all levels.
 on the other hand, information and experience in this trial scheme are available for reference for future development of different trade-related industries.
 there are 3 003 meters above sea level and is below 147 metres below the water level.
 in his view, the eu should continue its efforts to urge iraq to fully implement the resolutions of the united nations.
 the british government speaks of so-called democratic reforms and emphasizes human rights and emphasizes human rights.
 there is a large number of proof that women have been subjected to atrocities committed by some of the women in the bamboo basket.
 the environmental protection department (epd) today (may 12) released the latest grading of beaches to inform the public about the water quality of beaches in hong kong.
 there is a clear need to distinguish between the civilian population and the civilian population in a very different way of killing and afro-colombians.
 they believed that option 3 would be a basis for the definition of definition.
 there is no doubt that under-secretary-general frchette, under-secretary-general, is the expression of such solidarity.
 chairman: i now declare that there are 8 votes in favour of the amendment and 2 for abstentions.
 in the semipakalia communities in the mitrovica area of kalika, it is still tense.
 when the time comes, the public and the new governor will be able to go back to the original end of january.
 there is a need to develop war rules in order to ensure that peace agreements are fulfilled.
 the basic knowledge of this kind of basic knowledge is the basic knowledge of the media.
 in october 1991, unitar is responsible for the training of government officials in the government of the ethiopian government.
 due to the rising cost of management and maintenance, the rental can only be subsidized. "
 the key part of the government's tourism strategy is to maintain the image of the islands in the past.
 this is a distance of 40 metres in the swan.
 in our country, there have also been a series of acts of terrorism in our country.
 it is difficult to say that the country's strengths cannot intervene, otherwise, the freedom of press freedom.
 there are more than 200 university students in china's foreign languages.
 our reform and reconstruction efforts have made a number of positive results.
 it also lacks food.
 the observer for the russian federation stated that the relevant departments in the russian federation and ukraine will sign a bilateral treaty.
 we call upon iraq and iaea to cooperate with the new committee and iaea.
 we deplore the lack of progress in the political process and the return of refugees to the political process.
 there is a high rate of abstentions in every election every time when the politicians and the system themselves lack credibility.
 however, taiwan's film industry has been a holistic approach to taiwan's poetry industry.
 the hiv <unk> aids prevalence is 2 per cent, with a decrease of 2 per cent in sub-saharan africa.
 the 17 session of the commission's 17 session (11 to 22 november 1996) would be presented in the annual report of the commission.
 on the other hand, environmental protection has not yet been known.
 the government is expected to request the finance committee of the hong kong monetary authority to apply for funding.
 however, we do not feel lonely, and we are not a separate action.
 this, of course, is the theoretical one.
 but i don't have a lot of votes, and i don't have a vote of about 40<unk>.
 the general assembly met in july 2001 tokelau and tokelau in july 2001.
 it is easy to tell.
 these actions reflect one of the best-discriminations of the most desirable and humanitarianal tragedy of land-mines.
 the inventory focused on the average daily rainfall of 2.2 per cent (22 per cent) as a basis for projections (214).
 the company will continue to devise a five-year plan, but the main goal is the year-on-year plan for these projects.
 the estimate is calculated at the cost of 15 per cent for the period ending 30 june 2002 by 15 per cent.
 in addition, 23 national population groups were in the year 2000.
 africa is encouraged by the initiative of the new partnership for africa's development (nepad) summit in july 2001.
 the construction of a list for building works is free of charge.
 the committee has repeatedly stressed that the cooperation of the administering powers is essential for the progress achieved in its work.
 in october 2001, the workshop was held in botswana in october 2001.
 for many years, the government and non-governmental organizations have been able to explore the financing system for the social welfare system.
 the cosmetics of non-indigenous colonies (so-education) have been well-established, and social security benefits have been widely recognized.
 with regard to the reports of the board of auditors, it emphasizes the importance of providing detailed statistics on gender and age-related statistics.
 in most developing countries, the status of the provision of grants and single-subsector funds to local authorities is common.
 in the past, the united nations secretariat and the security council have raised letters to the secretariat, recognizing and affirmatively, confirming the territory of syria.
 in a few months ' time, the ccp made a big difference.
 market dependency and volatility.
 sustaining difficulties in maintaining financial stability, it is not possible to imagine what we can do.
 the concept of sovereignty is becoming more and more affluent.
 in the general debate on the question of chechnya, statements were made by members of the commission, observers and representatives of non-governmental organizations.
 in 1999, he made a brief interruption of its diplomatic work to cope with the new challenges for its diplomatic efforts.
 " the construction industry is vital to promoting hong kong's development.
 right, because at that time i was very busy with filming movies, i sometimes very little time.
 in addition, bombing explosions caused bombing bombings in baghdad.
 the theme of this report covers people's minds of the people of hong kong.
 the accuracy of these two methods is about 1.5000 degrees celsius.
 a total of 25000 examinations in the open universities in 1996 had been organized, with a total of 266000 examinations in 1998; in 1998, there were 216000 examinations.
 9.3 mine-action activities have been monitored by 67 mine-action activities, 283 in the republika srpska and 390 in bosnia and herzegovina.
 the movement of freedom of movement involves the state throughout the territory, including the elements of the federal state.
 other agencies involved in the operation, including the police, customs and excise department and the airport authority.
 a number of countries have expressed different views on the duration of the preparatory work, from one year to three years.
 we believe that the implementation of these measures will help to improve the consumer's consumer sentiment.
 the report of the independent expert on the right to the independent expert had been very significant in clarifying the right to development.
 " the force will be deployed at the time of the kai tak airport, which will increase its manpower at kai tak.
 in fact, if mr cheung does not propose amendments, i will propose.
 on the other hand, more people should be allowed.
 the director of the hong kong economic and trade office, mr lui hau, said today (january 24 this year)
 ah, it is time for us to do so.
 the definition of so-called " educational curriculum " has aroused much controversy.
 with a number of famous campuses from a number of renowned chinese, he has been admitted to the united states.
 there has been a lack of rape, but even more.
 there is also a need for special especially special interest.
 it seems that, as a result, it is very powerful.
 with the failure of the secretary of state, montserrat will continue to work for the sake of its mission.
 the non-governmental sources also provided special rapporteurs to the special rapporteur in some areas that were unable to visit.
 as of today, 265,000 people have been returned to their homes and more than 10 per cent of the total population.
 this compositional change in the labour market lead to the average wage increases for the companies concerned.
 however, in the case of taiwan's ocean tropical stormy, he said that most of the people in taiwan were unfolding and reverberate.
 the vast majority of timber products in the east have traditionally been exported to kinshasa via congo.
 this important issue is that we have to make a concluding conclusion.
 a 36-year-old man, aged 36, was sentenced to six and a half years ' imprisonment at the district court today (october 13) morning.
 attention should also be given to the need to extend the powers of the appeal court to the 3-party appeal.
 if we are not so poor, we will not only have a good chance of recovery.
 eye-witnesses said that the explosion caused more than 100 casualties among more than 100 casualties.
 the contractors have immediately begun to work to consolidate their work.
 the violence in rwanda is under the patronage of many of the refugees in eastern zaire and the united republic of tanzania.
 more than 60 per cent of the war in sierra leone have been children.
 however, in the back of the communists there was no way to hand over the blood stains.
 in addition to the 20 metres, a man was found to be a woman.
 in view of this, members of the public are looking at the tourist association of travel agents and i think this is ironic.
 the ongoing process of turbulence in the course of the transitional period is a constant region.
 often, we often hear that a man's heart is a kind of man's sense of family change, and it is difficult to control the means.
 it is extremely fragile that the island's environment is extremely fragile.
 the tsuen wan park, tsuen wan, was found in a hillside in the vicinity of the 27-year-old hill fire in tsuen wan.
 the paradigm of the indigenous villagers has protested against the government, some of which are protesting in protest against protests.
 in addition, these attacks were reported to have been reported by those militants who were reported to have been involved in the case of a computer and other office equipment and other office equipment.
 much greater efforts were made to save the work done by the firefight.
 in the past 15 years, we have overcome many challenges, and we have been proud of our history.
 with regard to the indictments of the sealed indictment, there is indeed a public indictment.
 " 154 trials are underway. "
 the united states congress decided to allocate $ 317 million to pay $ 317 million in regular peacekeeping operations, and this was also a popular law.
 that's because in the case of thunderstorms.
 nowadays, many people are now very well-known. this is well known.
 south africa is the heroes of our age.
 after reading the policy address, the members of the public are feeling untrue.
 the white paper said that since the beginning of the 1990s, an important component of china's exports was the expansion of trade exports.
 as a result, the corridors of the western corridor railway should be ready to do so as soon as possible.
 in one case, the future prospects of chinese medicine workers are bright.
 he was arrested again on 11 december 1997 and was arrested again on 11 december 1997.
 on 17 december 1998, the united states and the united kingdom launched military operations against iraq bombarded for four days.
 it is difficult to find a solution, and this process must depend on dialogue and peace, rather than guns.
 the satellite scientific research centre in south africa is located in the vicinity of the johannesburg centre in johannesburg, johannesburg.
 in 1990, robert king was born in the first place in 1960.
 if the fire broke out in the light of the fire, many workers and injuries were extremely serious.
 and compared with the difference between the two countries, differences between the two countries.
 we believe that the problem of piracy and counterfeiting is a long-term measure of piracy and counterfeiting.
 china has always supported and participate actively in the united nations efforts to resolve the middle east problem.
 a new policy group, such as the creation of a high-level decision-makers, may be the most effective means.
 a document should be provided to provide written evidence for the purpose of providing a written and 50 per cent standard.
 the general assembly, at its 23 to examine the annual report of the beijing platform for action, has reiterated such measures in its 5 special session.
 that is why the amount of the amount is concerned.
 (iv) the planning and participation of the planning and lands bureau in the disaster management of the army.
 today, the situation has forced hong kong to restructure hong kong.
 no one is intending to behave, claiming that the oil-for-gloves of construction workers are in the pipeline, as well as by kfor.
 dr leong che-hung: madam president, i would like to raise 3 points.
 of course, those who accept it will be able to make a difference.
 the operation was conducted smoothly, " the spokesman said.
 (b) as a consultant to the consultant, we have said that they have not refused to meet with individual groups of individuals.
 the primary aim of the child's child is to assist children in the integration of the mainstream school or the labour market.
 but we know that since the beginning of human beings, the good times have become a bad thing.
 during the above-mentioned period, the number of controls increased by 6.9<unk>, while periodic review of number rose by 23.5<unk>.
 in the long term, the government should take into account the policy of public housing in the long run.
 he also released the latest release of prisoners who have received the release of the prisoners who have been released to the recent release and suppression of political activities.
 we stress the need to maintain the status of a permanent observer for timorese people in the presence of the timorese in december 2002.
 there is a way to think about a way out.
 following the development of development, japan is restructuring the economic restructuring and the banking system.
 in spain, the international year of older persons has taken a decisive role in the situation of older persons and the issue of gender issues.
 - for commercial licences, the application for commercial licences in various industrial estates; and information and information services are available.
 secondly, nuclear-weapon-free zones should not be in a position to endanger the peace and security of the region in the region and around the world.
 the approved investment in the management of the asset was 25 per cent bonds and 25 per cent of shares.
 while he was welcomed by the united nations and the regional organizations, he emphasized the need for the united nations to take the responsibility for peacekeeping operations.
 a minister of state appointed by the department of state comprised 2 to 4 persons.
 with regard to money-laundering, argentina provided for the breaking of money laundering regulations (art. 215 of the financial entities).
 i would like to make two examples of the fact that many members have come to realize that there have been many times.
 some parents even encourage children to pay their money to their families.
 in conclusion, i would like to advise young people to advise young people.
 there should be some some of the impacts of this ecosystem, some research, some research, some research, and a number of others.
 the longer we spend between 120 and 180 days, the longer we have to wait.
 as the world's largest immigrants, united states supports the efforts of the united states to facilitate legitimate immigration efforts.
 the wind surcharge will take place on october 10, 2001.
 there has been a increase in the number of interceptions among businesses in the industry, resulting in the protection of their assets in order to protect their assets.
 the question is, in fact, that these so-called soft copies are in fact covered by the water, flower plays, flowers, or signboards.
 at the same time, the ministerial conference may also be reviewed for a period of two years.
 since the government has made huge surpluses, the public hopes that the measures will be taken to improve people's livelihood. this is wrong.
 the panel of experts confirmed the fact that the resources of the democratic republic of the congo were still being investigated and remains true.
 he called on the u.s. us to urge chen shui-bian to refrain from giving not to chen shui-bian's activities.
 prior to the wind, the state administration of the country had reacted with a response to the warning.
 in my reading reading, i found that they had their expertise.
 it should be grateful that the people of the country should be independent and free of charge.
 we must ensure that the samples of the samples are collected and dealt with. "
 the theme of the competition will be the subject of a culture of culture.
 <unk> 253 <unk> the distribution of funds for insolvency estate will be available in accordance with the level of the creditors of the creditors.
 this has been done in the context of that request for consideration.
 there is also a problem.
 it will be actively involved in the development of the global monitoring system.
 so far there has not been any supplies from the 3 phase.
 more than 20 peace-keeping operations took place in ukraine since 1979 including current peacekeeping missions and peacekeeping missions.
 they believe that every time the recent kidnapping last time has been the shia muslim kidnappings and the shiite muslim kidnappings.
 even if the contractor is required to submit such a request, the outcome is also unpredictable.
 next, he will be able to make sure that the designer and printing suppliers are authorized to take advantage of this technology.
 i would also like to thank the permanent representative of singapore for his congratulations to the permanent representative of singapore for the efforts of the presidency of the council in may.
 as we all know, many of the bars in the region have young girls who have young girls.
 lin ch'i-p'ao is said to be integrated together and is said to be on line.
 with regard to the 1 question, the consideration should be given to the entry into force of this right in the new law.
 we cannot rely on the future trend in the near future, but we have completed new schools in the near future.
 i firmly believe that, in the way of integration into europe, we must fight for long-term resolution of the problem in the region.
 owing to the water main burst of the heavy water pipe, the southbound university is closed to traffic.
 the prevention of drug education must be integrated into the education system as a whole.
 the primary objective of the mining is to maximize the best economic and ecological value of the affected areas.
 frankly speaking, it is not only the democratic party.
 this is provided with respect to all projects and assessments for all projects designed to provide a free and cost-efficient information centre.
 first, it is necessary to guarantee the living conditions of all human beings.
 however, it has not yet been done so as to improve the situation.
 as for other modes of transport, this is the reluctance of the mass transit railway corporation (mtrc).
 it was felt that those who felt discomfort and terrifying were thought to have been depressed by knowledge and networks.
 for example, in a number of countries, female genital mutilation rates are far higher than the average rate of reproductive health.
 the best way to help the balkans is the rehabilitation and reconstruction of the balkans.
 moreover, this monopolization is not a monopolies, and it is different from that of china.
 the government military and armed groups appear to have adequate light weapons.
 it operates in the territory of greece and has a hydraulic platform in the territory of greece and the cctv's central meteorological station.
 a spokesman for the mpfa said the mpfa would be a career multi-media retirement scheme.
 in addition, a total of about 60 per cent of total sums were paid for the african development bank.
 we call upon the schools, teachers, parents and the community to participate in the promotion of civic education and civic education.
 " this case is still under investigation. "
 the bar association also agreed to ensure that the system was effective, and the rationale for punishment was reasonable.
 in addition, the charter of the united nations has set up legal and institutional restrictions.
 libya continues to seriously and responsible for the implementation of the beijing platform for action.
 the tcdc was particularly concerned about assisting in the development of the agenda for development in the agenda of development.
 the 2 point relates to the emergency entry, search and seizure of the case.
 in explaining background information, he said, " when we explain the background information, the local exchange fund has been very large, " he said.
 while the mortality rate for infant and child mortality occurs, the death rate is still the highest in asia.
 note: the central african republic has resumed diplomatic relations with the people's republic of china on 29 january 1998.
 in addition, there are between 250 and 300 elderly people in hong kong every year.
 it serves as a morbidity for the death of people.
 the government's information is generally the government's government's government and the ministry of justice is not the laboratory of the laboratories in the laboratory.
 furthermore, the belgium advocated change of the convention on the rights of the child, strengthening the committee on the rights of the child.
 we should enduring the fact that education is not used in the long run. we must look at the real investment in real investment.
 human rights and human rights.
 this task will also be a meaningful opportunity for the implementation of operational operational activities for the implementation of the mid-term review.
 they are principally concerned about the repression of the special administrative organs of the republic.
 under the guidance of the steering committee, young people can become a key to the promotion and promotion of peace-building.
 they will be handed over to the immigration department for follow-up action.
 it is estimated that some 600 surplus posts will be filled by the end of the year <unk>0.
 iraq is an investor in the cachots of the world's enterprise.
 total expenditure in 2001 (excluding the amount of $ 1298000000) for 2001 does not amount to $ 10.1 billion (13 per cent) for the year 2000.
 in other men's other men's mengna, burundi is a 1-1500 1500 1500 metres of achievement.
 before the handover, the police issued 27 warnings against demonstrators.
 2. the 2 is that the number of votes cast a 2 vote cannot be elected.
 another elements of the new constitutional order are the continuation of the common law system in hong kong.
 the leader of the organization accused the leaders of the security and shattered risks.
 the most important thing in these societies is that the social situation is the most common and often even murdered.
 the fissile material cut-off treaty treaty will be one of the basic instruments for nuclear disarmament.
 his enthusiasm, leadership and wisdom, led the consumer council to improve the performance of consumer rights. "
 these stocks have already been introduced into the education foundation accounts for the chinese university of china.
 now i will ask you to join me with mr. president, as president of the hong kong special administrative region and co-operation with the hong kong special administrative region.
 we would very much hope that the next year can be done in accordance with procedures to enable it to take action to achieve that objective.
 the average life expectancy of women in the world was only 46 years of age.
 the respondent did not provide detailed information on the legal status and charges for the detainees.
 if the secretary-general is aware of the recommendation of the secretary-general, the general assembly of the general assembly was again elected on 29 september.
 we do not think that at this stage it is appropriate to disclose the location of these locations.
 after approval by the government, the secretary-general will be appointed by the secretary-general (the council) to approve the convention.
 the implementation of the 1 global cooperation framework is likely to be noted.
 japan also wished to highlight the historic significance of the rome statute of the international criminal court.
 in fact, the lebanese army has not even opened up the area.
 the depletion of the depletion of hydrogen bags, the depletion of fuels, the mercury bags, and the other.
 the reduction of wages (art. 5, para. 5).
 in 1994, uzbekistan acted as a basis for the death penalty.
 it is possible to provide information on whether it is possible to provide a sufficient means to address these crimes.
 the draft document of the project was signed on 14 june 2002 on 14 june 2002.
 however, the panel finds that it is not very important for these unsustainable reasons not to be considered.
 wen jiabao first sealed a monument.
 no one can be denied the law.
 we urge all parties concerned to treat the process of peace and national reconciliation, since it is extremely important that the continued support and presence of the international community are extremely important.
 the obstacles to the achievement of the goals and advances of the millennium development goals were reviewed.
 just like that, like the indian people, it's just like that of the entire clan of the entire clan.
 the first 15 days of the meeting were not allowed to interview any person.
 this is adequate, and the state may apply the definition of legal procedures in the process of applying the right of action in the proceedings.
 on the other hand, significant increases in import volume were noted of live poultry; and fruits.
 after the implementation of a second-service training, workers can improve the harmonious development of the work in the field.
 however, i would like to make a very good analysis of the tastes of the younger generation.
 we agree with the secretary-general that we have to make a more active use of these powers.
 the people affected by the return of the affected countries will be paid first and foremost to the international community.
 the existing animal creams include 174 pigs, 490, 90, 490, and 100 species of fish.
 as far as law enforcement is law enforcement, we are also looking forward to the needs of international assistance this year.
 " the rule of law, the administration and the judiciary are the cornerstones of the society of hong kong. "
 the " meteor garden " of meteor garden on the occasion of the meteor garden is mentioned daily.
 as a matter of fact, mr ronald arculli, i have been suspended for a while.
 the committee is increasingly finding that the list of sexually transmitted sex tends to be lowered.
 the residual force of the sectarian armed forces is moving towards the somali border with kenya and kenya.
 as for the listing of relevant movie titles, i request you to be invited to give a brief overview of the 19 years.
 a representative of any state participating in the conference may at any time move the adjournment of the debate on the question under discussion.
 these people are in the hands of our country, and it is not easy for them to go.
 i really have to do so.
 the championship is comparatively slow.
 from the age of seven, the eighth-year-old li ch'i-p'ao is a hot dog.
 another constraint was that technical capacity was inadequate.
 in addition, other organizations participated in the operation of technology-based venture capital programme, rather than competitors.
 the government of the russian federation welcomes the progress made by the government of the russian federation earlier earlier.
 because because of the experience of so many years, because of the experience of so many years, i saw 99.9<unk> of the 91.9<unk>.
 however, the best objective of promoting social participation in the education system is to bring about an understanding of other cultures.
 in russia, australia, egypt and thailand, the expanded international channel has also become a major event for chinese overseas chinese.
 at the time, however, the farmer's farm was optimistic about the vegetable market.
 the special rapporteur reaffirms the meaning and usefulness of the visit to sri lanka to thank the government for its cooperation in this regard.
 86.0 per cent of edi law will be listed in the month of june 2002.
 reductions in recurrent allocations will not only reduce the cost of education, but also to reduce morale.
 the consolidation of slopes is the designated tranquillity of plunder of slopes.
 in this context, we are in a position to deal with many of the key issues in the world, but no one can be fully resolved in the framework of national frameworks.
 as for the members who do not accept this design, i do not think it is a matter of good intention.
 in the absence of certain records, it is not possible to determine the total costs of all the seminars.
 the incident occurred in 1987 and that some 100 old troves were intended to be destroyed and disposed of in the country.
 for a long time in the education sector, his mother-to-child study has been working for many years.
 the real understanding of our true understanding of our journey we will be alarming.
 there are more than 10 species of tree planted species of flora and a rare species or rare species.
 1, almost all heroin found in mexico were reported to have crossed the united states, mainly in the western part of the united states.
 in the streets of the streets, he portrays the national day of the national national day.
 although the process is difficult, it is very happy.
 this writer believes that only all the people can achieve this objective.
 the regulation has long been very limited, but the authorities have been very limited.
 in his malaysian incident, his delegation made a statement to the chinese side.
 the work was very heavy, but the work was encouraging.
 women are responsible for more than 60 per cent of the world's population, despite often access to land, credit, training and technology.
 there is no moderation in the chinese communists, but they have not been swept away.
 the application forms have been sent to all the permanent missions of the united nations.
 " it will certainly create a new shopping convenience for the public, " said mr luk.
 observer status for the international centre for migration policy development in the general assembly.
 the estimate consists of the cost of operating costs paid to troop-contributing countries.
 the special representative was pleased to report that he was able to find a solution to this dilemma.
 the asylum-seekers who waited in the federal social security federation receive 80 per cent of the recipients of 80 per cent of the recipients.
 mr cheng and mr chan wing-chan, together with mr chan wing-chan and mr chan wing-chan, were told by mr cheng and mr chan.
 we should not allow ourselves to be modified now.
 ladies and gentlemen, ladies and gentlemen, ladies and gentlemen, ladies and gentlemen, today's ladies and gentlemen.
 in this context, negotiations should be reached with a view to finding a practical and realistic solution to the economic recovery of the crisis.
 according to the saying, " learning good good luck is good. "
 <unk> 82 <unk> according to paragraph 258 of the last report, the maternal mortality rate for pregnant women is 11.11 per 1,000, or 11.
 a man was found near the scene.
 but australia, new zealand, new zealand, north america and western europe are only part of the world's migrants.
 expressing concerns about the possibility of conditionality, the environmental standards of the developed countries could be linked to the approval of the official export credit system.
 the non-profit non-profit non-profit non-profit non-profit non-profit non-profit non-profit non-profit non-profit non-profit non-profit non-profit non-profit non-profit non-profit non-profit non-profit non-profit non-profit non-profit non-profit non-profit
 this is not surprising.
 at present, the largest source of pollution is our power plants.
 she also urged the international community to give the full consideration of the recommendations of the experts.
 this is the real strengthening of the international community as a whole.
 the long-term housing blocks are long-growing long-term housing estates, and their mothers have to feed their children.
 of course not.
 i have also sought to cover all types of explosives, including the use of weapons and other explosive devices, including mine bombs, artillery shells and other explosions.
 in october 2001, the authorities announced a settlement with the regional and regional company.
 as a result of the autopsy automated automated automated automated body, the civil service ordered an investigation into the cause of death.
 the opposition party has complained about the government's intention to impose its armed forces on its personnel.
 the department of humanitarian affairs has sent a assessment mission to the region and recommended that the death penalty be lowered.
 in addition, the survey also shows the purchase of pirated and counterfeit goods by young people.
 in the middle class there is a growing trend in the middle class.
 one of the causes involved is the dismissal of the missing person to avoid the incident.
 in these cases, the social service institute has condemned those acts which have been submitted to the vtc 5 courts.
 as a colorful color, eye-catching, eye-catching, eye-catching, double-character is of fat build.
 this brings great difficulty to the payment of a pay freeze, and salaries have to be paid in cash.
 the expansion of criminal justice systems enlargement of criminal justices and other conventional offences were the most significant in several metropolitan cities.
 the overall level of trust has already reached a level of confidence.
 16 hours a day.
 the above traffic type is indeed common.
 many important achievements in the united nations could be preserved and could strengthen the status of the organization.
 in particular, it does not approve of the registers in the roster, which is not regularly kept in a regular update of candidates.
 as regards women's resort to violence against women, it seems that they should describe the legal background of the law.
 i am glad to hear you that you will be able to do so, but will continue to work with the chairman.
 yesterday, sharon was the enemy.
 the situation in the demilitarized zone is generally peaceful.
 as announced by the declaration of the declaration of the state sovereignty of ukraine, my country is ready to do so in future.
 the topics considered by the seminar will assist the special committee and the participants in the evaluation of the non-self-governing territories.
 moreover, we will continue to provide single-parent families for single-parent families. "
 even the united states, or even the united states, is also engaged in russia.
 in addition, general temporary assistance should also be provided to provide general funds, field operations, field operations, specific legal or other matters, such as specific requirements.
 israel, through all the recent acts of violence, has attempted to exercise restraint and to reduce the death penalty.
 the chairpersons expressed the view that this effort had been a heavy blow to the enemy.
 we propose to set up the best way to set up criteria for this area to be set up.
 apart from economic development, development education has an important impact on political, cultural and economic development.
 in 1931, the fact that the post-cold-war was a new one.
 they are not worried that the legal system in hong kong has been operating under common law traditions under common sense.
 based on the estimated total cost of 7.5 per cent of the total cost of other equipment, it is used for repair and repair.
 after the visit to mainland china, he will visit japan on tuesday to visit japan.
 in the republic of korea, the republic of korea, the republic of korea, singapore and thailand, more than 90<unk> of the materials have been reimbursed.
 the above two methods, regardless of their nature or otherwise, can be deleted.
 on the other hand, chen shui-bian's chen shui-bian travelled to the west bank of the west bank.
 fortunately, she did not have her bad luck.
 this kind of girl is to be found in a handicraft or through the window of a window of money.
 the general assembly was convened at the time of the accelerated liberalization of the world economy.
 the u.s., south africa, south africa, south africa and ta-hsiao.
 explanations of the legislative provisions are explaining that the provisions of the provisions are really meaningless.
 as a result, there is now an urgent need for assistance in the treatment of non-governmental organizations.
 the beautiful scenery of the song dynasty.
 the investigators asked why this was done by the director, and the director replied that it was unpaid.
 this procedure does not have a clear legal framework for the reform of the criminal proceedings in 1961, which appears to have been abolished.
 the pressures are understandable, but that we should respect the views of professionals in this sensitive area.
 it's a thrilling to cry and to cry. "
 he never thought that he had done his best to photograph the photographer's photographs during his photography photographer's photographs.
 following the commentary, a conclusion can be reached after the commentary.
 in his reply, the representative of the state party stated that the " legal defence " mentioned by the report had not yet been adopted by parliament.
 he was not concerned about the fact that he was not concerned about the iron and was not concerned about the art.
 the court has always made different distinctions with the following two obligations, which are continuing to operate within a specified period of time.
 the representative of israel informed us that israel was in principle not in favour of the presence of foreign presence.
 moreover, the reforms were to perfect the market economy system.
 the special rapporteur has the right to transmit the above-mentioned models.
 according to the armed forces, they were arrested in port-au-prince or killed in port-au-prince.
 after the kashmiri temple and the mosque in may 1995, the indian cabinet minister and the leader of the indian cabinet made a clearer picture.
 on 13 may 1993, the trusteeship council decided to integrate on agenda item 8 and 9 (see appendix).
 there was a low pressure area in north kivu wan in the first half of this year.
 this is why the demining efforts are to be strengthened.
 looking back to the old chinese film festival.
 i believe that this council has a number of consensus.
 however, 507 shelters still need to be repair and <unk> or reconstruction, and there is a need for more funds to await families.
 furthermore, the european and japanese economies are still sluggish.
 the author recognized that he was sentenced to 28 years ' imprisonment for a period of 6 months as a result of his 6-month period.
 the department of public information was represented at the world summit for solidarity with the department of public information and the world health organization.
 however, i would like to express my delegation's position on some of the issues raised by the minister for foreign affairs of pakistan.
 in reviewing the recommendations contained in the report, there are 100 cases in which the consultant is active in order to meet the needs of the consultants.
 unlike in previous years, many people would have been very tense.
 mr lam wai-kwong has already asked the consultant to study the design of the new structure for government research.
 the region is facing a serious risk of disaster preparedness.
 the magistrate is the coroner for montserrat.
 in particular, the special protection of families, especially those of mothers and women, is specifically protected.
 we firmly believe that the fundamental interests of consumers and their choices are fundamental to the protection of consumers ' fundamental rights.
 in 1963, the concept of uninterrupted concept of multi-party democracy was proclaimed in 1990 and had not provided for punishment.
 there is a point in the thunderstorm of the soya beam, and the hamas have been absorbed by the other.
 when the new ferry services will arrive in hong kong in august 1998, the high-speed ferry service will be increased by the high-speed ferry services between hong kong and tuen mun.
 as for those who have been tied to the hostage, they are still at the same time at the current moment.
 (a) the post-second state-sponsored national machine-assisted state-of-the-art state-of-the-art state-of-the-art state-of-the-art state-of-the-art information production base.
 the 1 group of security police officers was established in june 5 in 1965.
 our hong kong economy is in a position to promote a cordial campaign in hong kong.
 members called upon the immediate call for an immediate halt to all military factions in all the military factions in afghanistan.
 the total staff of the mission totalled 18 helicopters to 18 helicopters, 6 of them from the helicopters and 12 helicopters provided accordingly.
 " the customs and excise department will closely monitor the intelligence, " he added.
 the united nations trust fund for ageing, united nations fund for ageing, has received contributions from the donor community to the least developed countries.
 the department of welfare is recommended to set up a national society in mid-august 1999.
 it is one of the final objectives of the palestinian territory, which can be learned from the achievements of the other decolonization.
 in addition to the entry of more vietnamese migrants, the british government has the responsibility to assist the refugees in the field of refugees.
 the women's programme of training is still very small.
 the conference aims to review the cooperation between the two governments in the review and implementation of the new partnership between nine and 1992.
 " there is a growing increase in the rate of hospitals.
 the overall performance of the crew was a very similar one.
 (2) a decision on a judicial decision, state practice and the doctrine of judicial decisions, that is, may be lawful.
 mr tsang will also meet with the ministry of foreign affairs of sweden, local investors and the media.
 i am pleased to learn from the view that the government can improve the various aspects of the situation.
 the united states time for the arrival of the fireboats, the duration of the fire, the weather, time and the island.
 fortunately, my wife, my wife, and my wife also understand the " love my mother ".
 the rights of persons with disabilities are entitled to the rights of persons with disabilities.
 at present, 110 companies, institutions and departments, including 14 companies, are currently participating in the scheme.
 western developed countries have been banned in china from exporting important high-technology products to the high-technology exchange rate and large-scale electronic computers.
 this approach has resulted in a stagnation of the stalemate and the result that the libyan arab jamahiriya has become hostages.
 visitors to taiwan.
 however, the army subsequently admitted that the israeli occupying forces were carrying out this killing.
 we have, however, also meant that we fully realize that we fully realize that these measures are not sufficiently enough.
 as for the remaining 5564 electors, because of the non-resident candidates for their outstanding competitors, they have no chance to try to seal their ballots.
 in addition, publicity campaigns have already been launched to improve the awareness of the festival.
 changes in the structure of the staple structural structure will long be changed.
 the time saved, for example, will help to reduce the waiting time for defaulting in arrears for the time being.
 when i arrived at the time, i was instructed to go to eritrea.
 the issues we are discussing today has been in existence for more than 35 years in the councils agenda.
 <unk> review of the growth of vehicles and roads to review the growth of vehicles and roads.
 in the light of the complaints received, the working group noted the government's response.
 the total amount of medicines waiting for a total of $ 76800000 was waiting.
 (a) the secretary for education and manpower currently does not have a detailed assessment of whether the students are using gifts to the students.
 however, subsidies are limited to only six per cent of infant formula.
 in conclusion, i would like to emphasize the recent cooperation between the international criminal tribunals for the former yugoslavia.
 in addition to the landscape of the private sector, there are also privately owned landscapes of the private sector.
 15 countries are now sending their troops to east timor with australia.
 the immediate participation of the children in hostilities to be the direct involvement of the 15-year child.
 for local and overseas mailings, contact should be made with the information services department, 4 <unk> f, hong kong.
 (1) insert the packaging rules in accordance with the rules of the maritime goods rules.
 this is true.
 the world's weekly performances are more than 30,000 pages, photos, voices, voices and messages.
 it will provide details.
 of course, there is a problem of security and housing.
 some of the categories of misconceptions have not been blamed for this, and it is difficult to convince the masses that the masses are brought from.
 most of the old friends of the old age are happy.
 the draft resolution on the media draft mainly refers to 10 elected seats from the council.
 however, there has been a steady decline in the economic slowdown in the context of the economic slowdown.
 externally, external economic performance in the dominican republic was the major trading partner of the united states and europe.
 secondly, it is a truism that the temptation to reduce micro-enterprises should be maintained, and peacekeeping operations continue to be managed by the secretary-general.
 because of the lack of time, the united nations had not been able to do so.
 the producer of the country has ensured a large supply of supplies from the country, and these products are exported from argentina to the european market.
 the staffing of the electoral assistance division should be subject to transparent and equitable geographical distribution.
 the republic of moldova is dominated by the separatist regime in the autonomous region of the republic of moldova.
 the publicity and publicity campaign by the commission this year has been launched by the publicity campaign for men and women this year.
 a number of computer viruses have been caused by more than a billion us dollars.
 it is true that the government is not realistic.
 in the most unfortunate day, he needs to be cleaned up three-capital bodies.
 the seizure, from malaysia and malaysia, is about $ 950000.
 within the world, it should be strengthened in the context of the global spread of the worlds information world.
 the amount claimed is approximately $ 700000, with an interest rate of $ 700000 in 1989.
 the current security management system has been designed by the united nations system for 20 years.
 the food-borne diseases and nutrition division also promotes research on food-borne diseases and are developing guidelines for women's participation in the development of project guidelines.
 (b) the minimum wage is based on the current cost of " minimum pay ".
 the panel recommends the continuing arms embargo against liberia.
 mr eric li: madam president, in response to your request, mr eric li has asked us to make our remarks earlier in response to our remarks.
 - the hong kong sar government will provide assistance to other jurisdictions in respect of criminal investigation and proceedings of criminal offences.
 there was no room for complacency for women to achieve equality.
 mr ip pointed out that the proportion of representations was adopted in the countries of the mainland.
 business receipts in the transport industry were mainly due to the continuous growth in air transport and maritime services.
