 according to the 1884-year statistics, the british 78-year-old people have to pay their tax on their own.
 the implementation of article 4 of the convention would allow for implementation of article 4 of the convention if the provisions of article 4 were enacted.
 in view of the needs of domestic demand and domestic demand, during the 1 quarter of 1993, economic performance in the 1 quarter of 1993 has.
 the department of peacekeeping operations accepted this recommendation that the inclusion of candidates should be included in the recruitment advertisement.
 the 1 step of the 2 phase of the phase ii methodology calls for the establishment of the level as a basis for remuneration comparisons.
 in the light of the development of china's tourism market, there may also be a possibility that tickets price can continue to rise.
 in fact, the current vacancy rate of shopping malls and street dwellings has reached the peak of 5 years over the last 5 years.
 the worst-case scenario in which peace-keeping is predicted, as the assumptions made in the year of the year, have changed dramatically.
 it is important to care for the intention of the country, rather than form of instruments.
 israeli occupying forces, a spokesman for the israeli occupying forces said that the occupying forces remained free to stay long.
 some of us are of the view that this operation may not be such so.
 this is extremely difficult to understand the complexity of the issues dealt with by the court.
 the family planning association of namibia, which was established in january 1996, has become non-governmental organizations for reproductive health.
 the most critical health issue affecting the most critical health problems affecting women in the country is the question of women.
 it exercises the power exercised by the international treaty on the international treaty, and it is in fact a matter of international law.
 although the current activities are still limited, the future of future activities is expected to expand.
 it is therefore necessary to investigate and seek the facts.
 there is a need for adequate and predictable resources.
 it should be understood that the international community is the council's decisions and actions that the security council has decided to take.
 parents do not feel that they are entirely responsible for the responsibilities of their responsibilities.
 " now i am pleased to see that the hong kong people's people enjoy the fruits of this system.
 on behalf of malaysia, the representative of malaysia, on behalf of the malaysian representative, will speak on behalf of the group of 21.
 the government understands that the home ownership scheme needs to be avoided with private property and maintain sales of two different types of sales.
 our deliberations on the strengthening of the organization's control should be guided by a thorough analysis of the views of the countries concerned.
 in accordance with the provisions of the basic law, the 2 category of seats will be elected by the election committee.
 if a person is to be used by a man, a person should be required to avoid using the device to prevent the use of the device.
 it has also established a network of international e-commerce networks in all countries of the country and has successfully conducted its 1 foreign trade in october 1998.
 in 1996, the gross domestic product (gdp) gdp grew by 9.9<unk> from 9.9<unk> to 5.0<unk>.
 after the visit to visit china in the first visit to china, the woman's wife and lovers will visit hong kong in october this year.
 the government of chile had a new nuclear installation facility on 8 june 1996 by the people's republic of china.
 as referred to in paragraph 18 above, the panel finds that the claim for military transport in principle is not in principle a difference in costs.
 this decision should be taken by the president of the general assembly, who decides to hold consultations with all the regional groups.
 the problem of long-standing problems in the economies of the republic of belarus and the governments of the republic of belarus has enabled governments and governments to return to the organization quickly.
 members of the world trade organisation (wto) member of the world trade organization (wto) member of the trade and industry of the world trade organization (wto).
 dr. wong's mother-to-children's mother's postgraduate school student, who has decided to make a difference between the family and friends of the european community.
 however, the committee notes that the services of the commission are not good.
 the constitution mentioned in article 54 that it would establish the necessary institutions and service to establish the necessary institutions and services.
 a spokesman for the treasury said today (december 30) that the use of internet users should be registered with the person concerned.
 at the final tsang, mr tsang expressed gratitude to the marine department, mr tsang tak-chuen, and other interested parties.
 all right, let's continue to look at other news.
 at the same time, some of those groups needed to have a political solution to their political needs.
 the tropical cyclone warning the tropical cyclone warning on tropical cyclone signal no. 8 was gradually under way.
 this is partly attributable to the united nations convention on the law of the sea, which is regrettable.
 therefore, we believe that the indonesian authorities really want to solve these problems.
 the official language of the conference included english, french, russian, russian, russian and russian.
 transactions with local financial institutions and local non-financial institutions have been 16 per cent and 10 per cent of local financial customers.
 " in the long run, we are planning to construct more multi-storey singleton hostels in private hospitals.
 it is important to find a way to achieve the results of the multilateral cooperation in the future in the future.
 the culprit was subsequently arrested and charged with theft.
 it was felt that there was a concern for the donor community in the region.
 the public prosecutors have been appealing for the appeal, and the chamber has sent him to france.
 the trend towards economic recovery and economic progress in these countries has affected the stability and prosperity of all, resulting in the negative impact of economic progress.
 one-day week.
 we have entered the world through the united nations, through the united nations, through the world, and the countries of the mainland.
 thirdly, special emphasis was placed on the implementation of the strategy for the sustainable development of people, enterprises and public participation.
 the united nations can play a crucial role in bringing information and communication technology to developing countries.
 he said: " nobody can understand the sword's sword, " he said.
 (15) the international perspectives in respect of and deeds.
 the terrorist attacks of 11 september have occurred over 2 february.
 the ministry of agriculture, ministry of agriculture, department of agriculture, stated that measures for the control of avian flu are effective.
 chile agreed that the united nations peace-keeping force would be able to prevent an outbreak of human misery.
 at this critical juncture, however, it is essential that the alliance of the terror union must recognize and identify its enemies.
 i hope that the administration can make a more rational dialogue with the different voices of the different types.
 one speaker paid a tribute to the fact that unifem stressed the efforts made by unifem in response to the evaluation recommendation.
 the chinese government intends to build a 13-year plan for the early next year.
 in the old age of keelung, the old tree in the old age of keelung has just embarked on a step-by-step path.
 as part of the day-to-day supervision work, the hkma will closely monitor the credit card business.
 in our country, arabic language is the 2 official language.
 leaders and teachers in the university.
 the credentials must be issued either by the head of state or government or by the minister for foreign affairs of the relevant member states.
 the contents of the publications are rich in the areas of anxiety and concern of the public.
 the overwhelming majority of member states demonstrated the indications of the increased number of permanent members and members of permanent membership.
 customers can buy flats for six months.
 mr wong wing-tat has visited the secretary for health and welfare, mr joseph w p wong, chief secretary of education and other bureau of education.
 at the end of the 19th century, the corporatization of hong kong's education foundation has become a partner in education.
 if the campaigns to determine and advance the campaign activities, what affects the judge is not easy.
 the members of the united nations have expressed deep regret at the resumption of the nuclear tests in the pacific in the pacific.
 the enrolment rate is 15 years old.
 service charges are $ 20 each. "
 the bulldozers, in many cases, have even a home.
 these actions are the police, the armed forces, the security forces, the law enforcement officials and the peace-keepers and peacekeepers.
 in fact, i would like to visit the people of the european parliament.
 at present, the national sovereignty of states, national self-determination, national security and the concept of peace, as well as the concept of peace, are rapidly changing.
 such a application would be conducive to the detection of a genuine responsibilities when the harm caused by space shuttles.
 at the 1st meeting, on 14 january, a statement was made by the assistant co-general of the corp.
 the committee affirms the importance of strengthening the rule of law, the consolidation of democracy and the institutionalization of civil society.
 the conference urges the conference on disarmament to agree on a programme of work that includes the immediate establishment of this body.
 the israeli-palestinian shop and the houses were destroyed and the israeli forces were stopped at the scene.
 the structure of the text is more and more sophisticated.
 this continued to push the house prices of high-risk disorders, not only the public, but also by the government authorities and scholars and scholars.
 he may need to take a look at the heart and look at the hearts of his heart.
 in view of the valuable advice given to political institutions, we do not have a professional knowledge of the political process.
 the saying goes: " it's the wrong thing. "
 the large-scale national party, if it was to be confirmed, will speed up the new millennium summit.
 worshipers like the sky, lighting, lighting, lighting, lighting, lighting, lighting and sophistication, " he said.
 the mainland public is optimistic about the mainland's mainland counterparts.
 the most common aspect of the existence of a non-discriminatory title is navigation and the adoption of exclusive economic zone in the area.
 the spokesman advised the public to report to the police as soon as possible.
 mr chan was the first member of the director-general of the world health organization, mr chan kwok-keung, for the first time in specialized united nations specialized agencies.
 the board may wish to take note of the report.
 if the international convention for the conduct of the international convention on the conduct of an international convention on extradition is conducted in accordance with the law on extradition.
 the universal declaration of human rights adopted the universal declaration of human rights in the united nations general assembly on 10 december 1948.
 the committee commends the constitution of the tunisian constitution for the protection of human rights, particularly the human rights of women.
 er, on the other hand, there were no whites in the world.
 the principle of non-discrimination against non-discrimination.
 we are celebrating a history of history, and the process has been extremely difficult to begin in the past two years.
 since the government gazetted the internet's web site, it has increased from 60000 to 60000 visitors from april to november.
 the committee was not in a position to deal with such situations before or in this case.
 the state party may wish to deal with this category in the near future.
 the results of the work of the nuclear-weapon states must depend on the ability and the working methods of its members.
 the letter of authorisation for registration must be endorsed by the original school.
 the contract has been signed, and the working group and the provision of travel services will be reviewed in september 2002.
 however, as you are aware, we do not think it is important for us to pursue " quality ".
 the congolese nationals of the congo agree that the international community's failure to terminate the question of conflict.
 one of the needs of the users is to assess floods and infrastructure caused by the floods.
 therefore, the government has taken the lead in promoting hong kong's exchanges and clearing stocks on the basis of the merger.
 with regard to the mano river union, the regional office must assist the three ministers in the implementation of confidence-building measures in september and october.
 the execution of both offences and the killings, the explosions, the lowest intra-industrial, and the maximum limits of punishment are increased by 1<unk>3.
 initial enquiries revealed that the bullet was fired by a gun.
 at the time of the analysis of the waiting time for care and assistance, it is likely that the applicant is in three categories.
 this is one of the main reasons for the spread of aids.
 for example, for example, the automotive car has been modernized in modern times.
 as a result, it would be possible to ensure that the coexistence of peace and harmony are harmonious and together with different ethnic groups and cultures.
 as far as food prices are concerned, i do not know what can happen in china.
 this is not only the capacity of local production, but also promotes hong kong's services in the region. "
 i think that all the people will understand, and that genuine genuine peace will last for more than 17 years.
 as far as health professionals are concerned, symptoms are mainly worse than the other.
 in cooperation with the united nations agencies, the coordination coordination coordination coordination coordination coordination issue is also appropriate.
 in the marketplace.
 the consequences would be very serious if once more double-digit had been said.
 it would be possible to resettle in viet nam and lao the lao people, which would continue to return to voluntary repatriation.
 experience has shown that the new system has been operating smoothly, and it is better than the system.
 at the same time, the moratorium on nuclear testing was crucial to the maintenance of the nuclear tests.
 article 31, paragraph 1, of the basic law provides that hong kong residents have freedom of travel and immigration.
 they also felt that this could lead to a precedent, which would lead to a notice that all types of vessels had to be issued before they were issued.
 right.
 because of the question raised by the government, the government has also listened to legal advice, but we will not have any legal views on the part of the government.
 as of august 1997, 34 chinese state-owned enterprises in hong kong had spent a total of about $ 700000000 in hong kong.
 a total of 30 tons of air and land assets have been delivered to goma to goma to goma to goma.
 the committee notes with appreciation the introduction of the drug-trafficking law and the new technologies in the 21 century.
 under this approach, the gap between men and women is reflected in the difference between men and women.
 on the other hand, it was not possible to engage in trade with egypt in the opening of borders in 1994.
 madam president, in the event of a public procession, it is not always a political party to make political demands.
 the delay will affect some of the credibility.
 <unk> 146 <unk> recently, the private sector company and the foundation have a substantial interest in the world at the global level.
 there is no question of how the teacher's teacher.
 i am particularly excited.
 there are two identification cards, one of which is the israelis who return to the population.
 because of the limited time, i do not have the full service of all the services.
 the recent development of british politics in britain does not seem to help hong kong to solve this problem soon.
 the model is included in the modelling model model for the development of an pervasive model of turkmenistans and che oil oil.
 of these, 99 per cent were changes in currency exchange rates.
 typically, illicit arms transactions are carried out by the control of arms import and export controls.
 switzerland is not sure that the swiss system used a system of financial system to deal resolutely with terrorism in the future.
 most of the basic vacancies are available for diploma or degree, and the monthly salary of a monthly salary of $ 898000 is available.
 the main contractor completed the works in the 3 quarter of 1999.
 with regard to the detailed functions of the commission, please see the financial and capital act of the financial services act.
 it is also in the near future that the national television broadcasts have been used by national television programmes in croatia.
 the formations and civil society of the commonwealth official are complemented and supported by the commonwealth official.
 the chinese delegation is of the view that international nuclear disarmament efforts are currently at the threshold of a crossroads and prospects for the future.
 this is because mr leung ping-chuen has more time to write more time and i support my support.
 statements were made by the observers for the inter-american development community, africa and the inter-american culture association of the americas.
 " we plan to conduct the first three years of employers ' opinion every year.
 we are not aware that the original version of the chinese government is the mainland's official version of the mainland's mainland counterparts.
 the college of commissioners was convened in new york on 21 and 22 may 2001 in new york.
 the model law, however, has been adopted by the model law (i.e. signifying and certification service).
 as a result, the gap between the capacity of national programmes is expected to be low.
 the committee will consider a specific topic on a particular topic.
 " the mainland supports the mainland's accession to the wto as soon as possible.
 for example, a total of 3300 people in sub-saharan africa had only a telephone call.
 the media must respect and enhance the dignity and reputation of the media.
 the israeli authorities also held a number of closed-circuit border crossings in the gaza strip and several days later.
 as a result of the speeding acceleration of rapid acceleration, additional programme inputs have been reduced, and all departments have benefited from all departments.
 as far as the winds are concerned or the clientele, it is the practice that virtually all the booklets are used as a " stamp ".
 3.2. there is a knowledge-based, technical and technological capability to absorb, develop and entrepreneurial development.
 she didn't want to hear anything, television, television, television, scripts, television, scripts, television, scripts and threads.
 talking about taiwan's growing children, it is difficult to look at the impact of them on them.
 on the basis of the cost of freight charges, the cost of reimbursement can be made according to a higher value.
 in fact, the secretary for housing, mrs anson chan, explained that there were no relationships with the reconstruction of the district.
 an expert group was entrusted with an independent expert group to provide an advisory group for an open and transparent manner.
 i have no choice but to see this report.
 (a) the corporation will be required to apply for a formal application for application by the company's rental market.
 as far as movies are concerned, chang ching- bamboo's " elegance " and " ching-kin ".
 the united nations will face the test.
 the director of health, the director of health, said that some four years later can be achieved.
 it is difficult.
 among the central institutions of the department, women account for more than 50 per cent of existing staff and 1<unk>3 of them are management positions.
 the court found that the buyer did not fulfil the obligations payable to the purchase price.
 the independent human rights association of the region, independent of the human rights commission, should be linked to the human rights commission.
 if the draft resolution was to be set up at the 50 session of the draft resolution, 159 of the draft resolution would be created.
 iraq has requested iraq to provide a response in the form of a supplementary report by 16 august 2002.
 the securities and futures commission (sfc) has recently promised to make a report on hong kong's financial position as a whole.
 the conference held that the holding of the elections was the prerogative of the general assembly rather than the prerogatives of the security council.
 visitors may also send a lot of people back to their hearts.
 we have long been the target of the development of hong kong.
 the director of social welfare, mr lam cheng-yin and the fund management committee, attended the new year's new year's new year's new year.
 the honourable mrs selina chow's suggestion was to strengthen the use of the juvenile's " juvenile justice ".
 in overseas markets it was found to have recovered.
 with regard to the amendment proposed by mr lee cheuk-yan, i would like to point out that he is actually in fact a wrong.
 in shanghai, china's h<unk>x <unk> ffff <unk> escwax <unk> 5ee5 <unk> esu <unk> esc <unk> co., ltd., is similar to that of the above-mentioned companies and companies.
 the ship operator of the shipowners company in hong kong will be able to take advantage of the commercial decision of the shipowners.
 it is a priority of the government and people of sierra leone to consolidate peace after the august civil war.
 it was said that the history of history was not repeating itself.
 national development frameworks of the transitional government are the role of states in the economic and social spheres.
 the committee recommends that the state party consider expanding the mandate of the employment agency to cover all aspects of racial discrimination.
 this is the driving force of the peace process in the democratic republic of the congo, without which the international support will be invalid.
 however, there is still a need for many working groups to reduce tariff and non-tariff barriers.
 the representative noted that the delegation had been a member of the commission since its members were very active in their work.
 israel is proud of the world's well-known traditions and traditional traditions.
 <unk> the director of the <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk>
 the dancers of the dancers play flowers at the end of the day and then listen to the audience.
 the most disturbing situation in the united nations social field is.
 as a result, the doctor immediately picked up the patient and said her child was infected with a small child.
 the questionnaire has been sent to all programmes and donor governments, national teams and united nations agencies.
 in addition to the souls of the souls of the souls of the souls, it's not forgotten that it is a world-class <unk>
 the aim is to exert pressure on 3-party prevention, peace-building, peace-building, to wage war on ethiopia.
 thai tai ching, tai po, today (february 2) morning suffered a 3 alarm fire.
 we plan to introduce the bill from 2004 to the legislative council.
 the people of kosovo should not be allowed to look after the future.
 no one should bear in mind that these are wasteful and absolutely wasteful.
 on the other hand, the university degree in local universities will be increased in the coming years.
 recently, i recently visited various segments of the population.
 a copy of such written texts should be sent to the public prosecutor or to the other party.
 in the morning of may 5, chen shui-bian will meet president jiang zemin on the 5.
 the committee is also considering the provision of additional information during its consideration of the reports.
 north korea's north korean train station, north korea's north-western corner of north korea, has a major accident.
 the activities of the special rapporteur also include civil society, non-governmental organizations, lawyers and journalists as well as representatives of journalists.
 the use of methodologies and expressions of the feelings of the voices of the people of hong kong is not realistic.
 however, international trafficking is also involved in other fields, including garments, agriculture and construction.
 i am not in a position to inform the religion of the religion, but i have often advocated the proponent spirit of religion.
 thus, before the hksar government, the government of china will only be eligible to enjoy the hksar government in the future.
 we must assess the impact of the relationship between the administration and the legislative council.
 okay, thank you, mr. qiu zhenhai, for his analysis.
 in fact, we have partially implemented to implement some of its provisions, in particular on mine-clearance activities.
 he further noted that trade volume per year was 12 per cent per year.
 the number of unemployed persons was reduced to 19.3 000, and the number was for the first time for the first time in four years.
 in the year 2004, the united states exports to the world market amounted to $ 17800000000 worth of export value to help us$ 17800000000.
 the two informal ministerial meetings will be held on wednesday, 5 and 6 june on thursday, 6 june.
 at present, it is the government's consideration that the government consider the possibility of legal action on the issue of pollution that may be taken.
 six posts were proposed for the establishment of the office for the operations of the office for the operations of the office. 18 posts were financed by the support account.
 in taiwan, " 3. "
 right, <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk>.
 in addition, the transport department has stepped up its anti-smuggling inspection exercise.
 as for political freedom and religion, not only contradicts the other documents, but also in other documents.
 i would like to draw the council's attention to the precarious situation of the central african republic.
 at the same meeting, the meeting rose at 30:30 a.m. on the spot.
 the postmaster general, published in the last 3 years, has to be set up for 3 years.
 china has reduced to 20000000 people.
 the masses of the population in bangkok are presided over by the central asian centre for trade in the north-east wto.
 we fully support the statements made by the secretary-general and other united nations representatives in the united nations.
 during the period, the residential area in the urban area will be allowed to pick up and download the car parks.
 the united nations register of conventional arms represents transparency in the transfer of legitimate arms between the sovereign and sovereign states.
 the latest figures show that some local employers have continued to streamline the economic growth and business prospects.
 it requires consensus, " the spokesman said.
 this penalty applies only to the citizens of the czech republic but also those who have not received any refugee status.
 whenever i went to the children, i felt very very serious.
 the commission on human rights and the rights of peoples also participated in the international seminar.
 research on gender disparities and inequalities will affect the process of the process of the process of globalization.
 according to the conservative estimate of the industrial and environmental protection center, these technology can potentially potentially potentially potentially potentially potentially potentially potentially potentially potentially potentially potentially apply.
 the government announced today (december 22) the appointment of 12 members to the labour advisory board ( lab) for a term of two years.
 the 3 group is particularly concerned about the elderly.
 " the financial surplus of the east asian region has been reimbursed, and it should be made more efficient by. "
 swd has contacted the family members of the family.
 the maximum cost of the burden borne by the state is 80 per cent.
 these developments further exacerbate the strategy of the post-cold-war era.
 there appears to be a number of difficulties in the camps for refugees in west timor.
 no resources have been allocated to these people.
 it was also agreed that all foreign troops should not be allowed to withdraw from the democratic republic of the congo if they were not invited.
 with regard to the recruitment, remuneration, wage-earners, training and management of prisons are applied to prison guards.
 " it is also found that the detection of the oil-for-food, public facilities and other canvassing areas have been set at the same time. "
 after almost 30 years, the concept of the common heritage of cohabitation has been reflected in a number of international conventions.
 the ministry of buildings, the ministry of home affairs and the buildings department.
 it is envisaged that all helicopters will deploy all the helicopters before the 1 round of balloting.
 i wish you all the best in hong kong.
 over a long period of time, hong kong has been a major catalyst for the economic development of hong kong.
 therefore, we have first placed first emphasis on the obligation of the nuclear powers to begin the conclusion of a comprehensive test-ban treaty in 1996.
 in contrast, the largest internet service service providers in the united states have maintained only 20<unk> of the total number of internet users.
 since the opening of the reform and opening-up, smes throughout the country have made a great contribution to a rich and rich and prosperous society.
 in my country, my country will soon be able to be able to take a look at the weather and for three or three years.
 i hope that the secretary-general will be able to take a look at the general assembly in the general assembly today.
 <unk> no provision is made for the re-appointment of the guardian.
 for example, the measures agreed upon by the meeting include a uniform movement of citizens of the countries of the region.
 it is really hard to imagine how hard it can.
 mr howard young: madam president, employment, employment and other difficulties arising from other difficulties arising from the difficulties arising from the employment of employment and other difficulties.
 " even if it is even allowed to go to taiwan, you should not renounce the play. "
 the draft articles will lose the practical role of the majority of its staff.
 thus, there has been a significant increase in inflation rates in the last year.
 it is not possible to let the existing veterinary graduates who are already in hong kong and taiwan.
 the current average age of the greek cypriot present is 66 years old.
 the company's economic experts have also been forecasted for the weekend.
 the project can also allow more members of the public to know about cultural diversity and their interest in this diversity.
 in view of the number of applicants applications for single persons, the government is considering the need to increase the loan quota.
 the above-mentioned assets are carried out under the code of criminal procedure under the code of criminal procedure.
 as we see it, the only way to return home is the only way in which the students die.
 the provision of medical supplies for medical supplies under unrwa is based on the provision of standard medicine (disensable medical supplies).
 the cut-off plan is not just a landmark.
 in view of this theme, the conference tried to remind people that there are a number of people who are killed or maimed by anti-personnel landmines.
 when he came to neighbouring samoa, a certain number of craft spares can purchase.
 motorists are advised to follow up on traffic signs and comply with police officers.
 a certain amount of this conclusion was surprising since previous years that it was not appropriate for the legal adviser to act against the defence.
 the government of benin is considering the possibility of expanding the existing social or personal scope of the existing social security system.
 amputation of the marks of their dissolving marks, their impact on their activities, work and normal lives.
 in 2001, the european union, the european union, the united states and several developing countries declined to decline.
 after the implementation of this scheme, many colleagues expect many colleagues of the world to live on the journey.
 he was reportedly concealed later in his father's written submission following his complaint.
 a 40-year-old man also arrested a 40-year-old man in the vicinity.
 as a matter of fact, the only low-skilled job opportunities are in the low-level service sector.
 the project is forecast to focus on financing options for credit flows, which focus on credit flows.
 mrs miriam lau just said that mrs miriam lau has been a " charter for youth ".
 three suspects were deceived by the three suspected deceptions.
 they should be progressively liberalized in the form of monetary, financial, trade and macroeconomic policies.
 from the level of international moral and international law, it is impossible for us to support the united states for the war against iraq.
 the concept of real development should include all the universally respected human rights of human rights.
 the state practice shows that the length of the issue of right of option is considerably different.
 the security council looked forward to the fact that the security council looked forward to the agenda of its previous agenda, which could also be reviewed by the council.
 countries with a considerable amount of reductions in the number of people living in poverty reduction have caused a setback in the asian financial crisis.
 as a result, a number of countries had no access to funds.
 recognition of the role played by neighbouring countries in security and economic and financial fields.
 " the security council is deeply concerned about the deterioration in the situation in and around the republic of croatia.
 in view of the return of warmer weather, the 9 temporary cold shelters operated by the home affairs department have closed at 4.30 pm today (february 5).
 to that end, we should work together to achieve a multitude of mutual colonization.
 <unk> a <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> 
 the veterinary monstery was also told to the secretary-general, who confirmed that all chickens were not infected with the symptoms of avian flu.
 analysed by many of the missions, the secretariat has been able to verify the recommended criteria for maintaining maintenance.
 if we are to resolve the flood problem in the northwest new territories, we must implement the shenzhen river project.
 capitalism and ethics often led to frequent criminality and corruption in drug trafficking, organized crime and corruption.
 chen shui-bian's work was officially opened for the 1 piece of work of the mgv.
 the two-and-a-half one-and-a-half-hour-one-minute cross-section could be reduced to about 40 minutes.
 the report provides a comprehensive picture of the situation of the palestinian territories on the deteriorating economic situation in the occupied palestinian territories.
 <unk> not to make a substantial amount of cash or cost-effectiveness.
 at least 17 were shot dead, and 38 others were burned alive.
 the working group on international human rights and international affairs and international human rights affairs organized a seminar in 1997 to address these issues.
 the 28 police officers raided 7 targets in sham shui po police station in sham shui po.
 the contracting authority would therefore prefer to consider measures that may need to be taken under control.
 the development of developed and developing countries as well as the economic growth of the developing countries is very important, particularly in developing countries, especially in developing countries.
 according to the information according to the same source, there were more than 800 persons who were reported to have been killed by the communist party of nepal.
 in accordance with article 22, paragraph 2, of the law, the legal liability of the accused will be regulated by legislation.
 mr. president, there will be a full-fledged solution to the whole of its landfill next year following the closure of its landfill next year.
 in the 1990s, more than 200 million children had been killed in armed conflicts, with six million permanently disabled or seriously.
 this is also very helpful to the development of illiteracy. "
 basically, this is a tangible commitment to the development of the north-western part of the developing world.
 a warning letter will be issued to the department without any improvement or results.
 the proliferation of hiv <unk> aids in our region is also a source of concern to our region.
 furthermore, we once again have an international reputation as one of the most dynamic economies of the world.
 the highways department today (july 20) signed an amount of $ 688000000 and started later today (july 20) in the construction works of the victoria harbour.
 i am referring to the hong kong laws and regulations, and i mention the basic law.
 thirdly, to undertake pragmatic cooperation in the field of non-traditional security.
 in june-july this year, most of the unemployed unemployed and underemployment were stable in the month from june to july.
 it is not hard to believe that this is not an easy one, but if there is a quota system for people with a quota of people with disabilities.
 in addition, australia is actively drafting the negotiations for the international convention for the suppression of the financing of terrorism.
 the regulations will be made under the regulation of the regulations and regulations, and the regulation will effectively implement the programme of protection.
 this letter is not the result of improving the confidence of the united kingdom and the libyan arab jamahiriya will only result in the contrary.
 however, we firmly believe that the secretary-general's report contains proper frameworks for the future in east timor.
 in a number of regions, the average number of poor and relative poverty in the world is rising.
 we look forward to continuing cooperation with the industry in this regard. "
 the state party submits that the same accusation should apply to the present case.
 he was informed that the causes of the conflict in darfur, darfur, were clashed with the indian tribes.
 the revised land area has already been reserved for the development of the fire safety and open spaces for future development.
 otherwise, the international community may have no choice but to go from liberia.
 it has just been announced that the teaching and learning fund has been announced just now.
 the waves of laden containers and throats were poured into the sea.
 as a matter of fact, the recommendation of the garrison's bill on garrison law is far more rough.
 the spokesman pointed out that the judiciary was not intended to encourage the use of itself by the judiciary itself.
 the chairman-in-office of the joint commission, mr stephen wong, said the discussion would be very useful, and would follow up on action.
 in addition, we will also prepare a review of the review of the relevant district boards's future reviews.
 the entrance to the secretariat of the 1 avenue will be restricted solely to the vehicle of the permanent representative of the permanent special labelling vehicle.
 in the three years to come, the villagers have been converted into a three-year old tree.
 <unk> 25 <unk> the inter-congolese institute, which was established as a land-use scheme, was established as a result of the implementation of the peace agreement.
 according to information provided by the advisory committee, the advisory committee did not oppose these posts.
 anyone who is committed to the girl is asking the girl to contact the investigating officers of the mong kok police station.
 in 1997, the institute designated an official certificate of improving the quality and productivity improvement programme.
 this morning, i would like to speak out of two three issues.
 to that end, the value of inputs for education and education is aimed at developing the necessary means and means to promote social development.
 the ruf is not the army and it is certainly not the command of the armed forces.
 the field asset control system was designed for a series of auditing responsibility for the assets of the assets of the united nations, namely, its disposal.
 but it is not possible.
 in order to protect the environment, these substances have no radioactive, non-recognized, non-communicable gases and no chemical reaction.
 the offence of treason is already in the middle of the 14 century.
 worse still, the threat of nuclear weapons threatening the destruction of nuclear weapons has been firmly rooted in many years.
 the villages of the village are watching.
 the armed conflict in darfur region started in february last year.
 the rights of the lack of a serious violation of rights, in particular the protection of the rights of human rights, are part of the international protection of human rights.
 the procedures of the commission are confidential, in accordance with the rules, any document or address.
 however, as the economy gradually recovers, it is believed that the future hong kong will pick up.
 choices as to whether or not the choice is to be chosen.
 efforts will continue to be made in the long run.
 they are obligatory.
 at that time, governor patten was carrying out the preparations for the general elections.
 asianet daily summary-press releases distributed for friday, november 16, 2001.
 it may be disappointed, however, that only one accused has been brought to the court trial before the courts.
 to avoid conflict, the role of the council must be coordinated with the role of the court in order to ensure the independence of the latter.
 the loss of life of the life of the life of the children, especially children, is always an sad and painful link.
 a total of $ 50000 was seized during the operation.
 in recent years, there has been a dramatic change in the world economy.
 these guidelines have been set up in the buildings department and has been distributed to all companies and owners.
 they are of the view that there is a high level of skill in science and technology.
 despite the request by member states to enhance the representation of member states, progress was being made in the field of resource allocation.
 at about 3 p.m. local time, a car bomb exploded near the city of majli market in the city of mahanis.
 security guards on security guards and security guards will be issued special permits for security guards and security guards at the united nations security guards.
 information on the latest map and new acquired immunodeficiency syndrome (sars) has been transmitted to the rescue agencies.
 the programme comprises 15000000 services, including students, men, women and children, and no gender discrimination.
 however, united nations peacekeeping forces and other united nations agencies were engaged in mine-clearance activities.
 the cambodian royal government provides legal protection against hiv <unk> aids and protects human rights from human rights defenders.
 once again, the housing department has once again been asked to look at the housing department for further examination.
 drop-out rates are still higher among secondary schools, and girls are still higher than boys and universities.
 the anti-secession conflict has broken out, and there has been an outbreak of the conflict between the two places.
 there is no difficulty in setting up and entering such private schools.
 unexpectedly, because his experience had changed, the decision changed to change her decision.
 a warning letter received by the transport department will be made available.
 the united states is always in the united states.
 president of the working capital agency for environmental capital, the president of the world bank.
 if the government officials are interested in investing in investment, there is no way of doing business.
 consideration should also be given to changing the changes that have taken place in the international system, particularly those of globalization and new technologies.
 some people cannot talk about it, and certainly i am sure you can see.
 the cuban sugar market was proposed to eliminate the cuban sugar quota.
 however, the government still intends to stand ready to recruit suitable candidates for recruitment.
 the 3 child has been released, but the following day must also report to the gendarmerie.
 a modern trademark of the hong kong trademarks ordinance is also delivered.
 the voters will vote in the voting, and we are of course representative of the older persons.
 a long-range ballistic area for 400 kilometres per ballet is about 2000 km <unk> h.
 if he is not enough, he will be able to take a look at some of the things that he will do.
 this is obviously an administrative organ of the administration.
 in december 1963, an attack on the ethnic cleansing of the turkish cypriot community was launched in december 1963.
 the delegation of argentina proposed that it should also include model numbers of model numbers.
 we are now liaising with the canadian authorities and understand the details of the hearing of the case. "
 his delegation expressed appreciation to the delegation for its contribution to the work of the subject.
 no one has gone.
 with regard to the abolition of the status of marriages, she asked whether a research study was carried out to ascertain the roots of the family.
 the fact is that the earth's environment is worse than the previous year.
 the government today (april 20) announced the appointment of consultants and the special adviser to the members of the council and the special adviser.
 he will step up a major reform of the securities and futures markets and strengthen the supervision of the banking sector.
 therefore, information on the information and access to information can be made available to non-governmental organizations and other major groups at all levels.
 the delegation said that most of these people were externally external forces, without controlling the actions of the group.
 " the success of this achievement depends on the strong commitment and continual efforts of all the colleagues in the past.
 the prize presentation ceremony will be held in january next year.
 in order to improve the standard of living of children and improve the standard of living, parents have to pay a certain cost.
 however, further efforts need to be made in order to further enhance the results of the publicity efforts of the country concerned.
 those persons could not be allowed to secure the safe, original or other forms of support for those who supported these crimes.
 on july 26 this year, the burglary castle peak drive was a two-year-old man with two burglary burglaries.
 the council believes that he and other perpetrators must be responsible for their actions.
 in the context of traditional business environment, the marketing officer can take care of his canvass or liberties.
 article 54 of the constitution states that foreigners in the territory of the republic shall be protected by the same protection of the same protection against haitians.
 the states members of the european union states members of the european union three years from 6 june to 6 june 2000.
 <unk> <unk> <unk> a <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> 
 it reaffirms the importance of the treaty on the limitation of anti-ballistic missile systems.
 the performance of the developed countries continues to be weakened by the continued economic situation in japan.
 it's not practical.
 as a result of the heavyweight.
 in the past year, the fishery industry had been able to do so.
 despite the numerous resolutions issued by the international community, the security council has adopted a multi-ethnic, multicultural and multi-religious society.
 the hkma will carry out its functions in accordance with the regulatory and standard practice of the sfc.
 the gloucester was returned for the first time for the first time.
 we want to see the true universality of the university of peace.
 the population is estimated to be an important parameters for projections and projections for private and commercial purposes.
 over the past several years, he was invited to attend a lunar new year evening.
 the united states government recognized that the diplomatic bank of cuba should enjoy immunity from diplomatic immunity.
 2, the adjudication fee is the subject of a mandatory adjudication fee.
 in the competition, students had to cope with difficulties in dealing with accidents, such as power consumption, interruption, network equipment and signatures.
 we are now considering the views of the industry.
 staff members of the board were also interviewed by the staff of the board of auditors in thailand and china.
 the bill does not specifically refer specially to the issue of the use of supermarkets or a corporation to concentrate on a company.
 it is strange to say that the chinese people will avoid making their names, but they 're going to do their names.
 the department of health had staffed health care providers to provide health education to their families.
 i turn now to the issue of post-conflict peace-building, particularly in the light of our current situation.
 the representative of non-governmental organizations also suggested that the high commissioner should take proactive action to implement the recommendations of the special rapporteur.
 when the necessary action was taken, we refused to take the lead in refusing to take a single account.
 we are continuing to look into the process of resolving the question of palestine in the middle east.
 if members of the council agree.
 these include the negligence of sovereignty, the threat of which has been undermined by the technological advancement.
 the maintenance of security and peace cannot be left to the development efforts of the international community.
 the state of lima on a large number of localities was extended on 15 december.
 after several days of mazar-e-sharif, the authorities began to transfer the prisoners to other detainees in other places.
 a unique character for missile, deterrence, a deterrence, coercion, coercion, coercion, self-defence and retaliation.
 the government's consistent policy is to make use of the software products to be used as a model for the application of the application system.
 in addition, 1507 private child care centres are also continuing to maintain existing fees and charges.
 after the incident, both sides have taken military action, but there has been no change in the front front.
 in addition, the general assembly has devised a series of innovative games.
 however, the relevant departments will take immediate action to take immediate action to take immediate action.
 the committee is able to provide a new image of a new image of the new images and recent presentations to those commissions.
 estimates of the level of vacancy rates for local staff are estimated at 10 per cent.
 the use of coal-fired conversions to natural gas will reduce the emission of emissions.
 the works, which will start early next year, will be completed by early 2001.
 in the manufacturing sector, the number of large establishments involved in the employment of more than 100 authorized units is 50 or more.
 under article 23 of the swedish penal code, the penalties for the execution of his or her sentence are applicable to the maximum limits of the crime.
 the general assembly recently adopted resolution 56<unk>282, from the list of non-self-governing territories.
 mr. wang (china) (spoke in chinese): on 23 july, king abdullah world has been the death of king abdullah ii.
 on 14 february, the government of rwanda informed the rwanda of rwanda that the arrest of 5 other suspects was arrested.
 of these, 63 were organised by the swd and the remaining 19 were organised by the swd.
 in conclusion, i would like to refer to two special concerns.
 there is no pre-eminent vehicle belonging to the naked mirror.
 secondly, small and medium-sized enterprises (smes) are insufficient (" smes ").
 eight days later, the beauty of the beauty of us-aids was in us.
 more than 2 000 african booths of africa will be tabled in the park from 13 to 16 january this year and will be displayed at the park.
 the survey will provide information on the standard of living of the territory, particularly in the case of poor living standards.
 one of the hotspot for public concern is the new year's games.
 the abolition of the death penalty in 1993 is a major trend towards respect for the world's human rights.
 it was also known that the climax and other disorders had been vomiting.
 the group of 15 catholics and international charity organizations, as well as many staff, were reportedly executed in dili.
 in particular, he proposed that this legislation had been amended in 1999 with a view to empowering more investigative powers and administrative management.
 the ministry of foreign affairs of the south korean republic of korea was held in beijing in beijing.
 he will speak on the topic a topic which will be organized jointly by the hong kong trade development council and france.
 in the case of mutual benefit, the international community can co-operate together.
 the ministry of finance has responded in response to the procedures on 19 january 2001.
 " the government's goal is to stabilize the property market, " he said.
 if you just want to apply earlier, mr lau chin-shek said that what is meant <unk>
 the sponsor delegation stated that the status of the proposal could be found in accordance with articles 10 to 14 of the charter.
 in any case, countries with stockpiling of stockpile destruction must begin to collect data collection data for stockpile and history.
 it should be noted that the data contained in these tables are obtained from various relevant organisations in undp.
 i remember that some people had a lot of word about the words " vested interests ".
 i am sure that many people will not agree that this view is not shared by the government but in principle.
 according to the contract, the question of traffic <unk> transportation needs to be agreed upon by all those concerned.
 the armed forces of angola, the south-east of the south-east of angola, also carried out the attacks of the south-east asian region in the southern part of the country.
 if our decision to extend the plan is to be extended, we intend to give evidence to prove that the business sector affected by the shortage of labour.
 they use the train mode very soon, and the cost is $ 8000000000.
 the court received the award of gifts from the government of the people's republic of china in 2001.
 this work will continue to be done in the context of the work of the division.
 police will implement special traffic arrangements in hong kong on january 6 to facilitate the holding of public cheques.
 in accordance with the economic situation of the students, private universities are provided with the economic situation of their students.
 improving our common goals, as well as the restoration of multilateral negotiations, are indispensable to further achieving the common goals of our region.
 his reputation is extremely strong, and he is very strong.
 some of the police officers will ask about the number of complaints to be paid.
 although the results showed that they were not treated in medicine for use in pharmaceuticals, they were sold by a german company by a german company.
 it welcomes the adoption of the treaty on the non-proliferation of nuclear weapons as a non-nuclear-weapon state.
 israel has also continued to allow tunnels to be opened up by the al-quds al-quds al-sharif.
 in fact, after the spring festival travel season, the tourist industry has not received any complaints received by the tourist industry.
 " i believe you will become a major asset of the two places. "
 he then said.
 the ministry of defence has carried out depreciation and depreciation of the latter.
 therefore, if you have a deep impression on the demonstrations, i am sure that we should not be allowed to do so.
 the private car immediately fled the scene at tai kok tsui road, tai long bridge road.
 although the evidence is convincing to the evidence that they are still defending themselves, they have no " changed ".
 governments have taken various ways to control these monopolies.
 it must be noted, however, that all institutions, directly or indirectly, are well-related.
 i am sure that not only affect the future, but will also affect the future.
 the political tensions in the environment have always been a constant threat to the environment.
 " as in the case of the army, our immunization system is like an outlet of resistance.
 the nature and participation of citizens and voters should be high.
 this led to a decline in the supervision of groundwater in gaza and led to the withdrawal of salt from the sea from sea.
 i believe that this week we have gathered here in this week to highlight the courage of our commonality.
 i also express our gratitude to the secretary-general for his gratitude and the appreciation of his secretary-general for his report today.
 we need to fulfil this international responsibility. "
 argentina, in its own political instability, has been reassured after several decades of political instability.
 in the western part of the west, she is only a very legendary experience of her.
 it is well known that the great stone stones in the great lakes are well known.
 in fact, it is an important part of the united nations involvement in the oceans.
 in the history of history, no other children have been able to die.
 " we 've got to look after the whole world, " he added.
 as the chairman of the advisory committee, the chairman of the advisory committee was able to make a difference.
 otherwise, sanctions are likely to be an ethical instrument for the implementation of the international law and the aspirations of the entire international community.
 seizures of cocaine in croatia have been low in recent years and seizures in 2000 have been seized during the reporting period.
 to that end, pakistan supported the mexican proposal that the relevant united nations bodies would carefully consider the requests requested by the international court of justice.
 the mandatory provident fund schemes authority (mpfa) has issued detailed arrangements for the establishment and functioning of the relevant industries.
 in that case, he was taken to a police officer under the status of a police car and was then taken from the car.
 with regard to environmental protection, the international efforts to protect nature should be made more effective and more substantive.
 the secretary-general has already proposed the direction of the united nations.
 it is also important to define more clearly the use of public information and to evaluate results-based work.
 mr chan kam-lam said that mr chan kam-lam cited his short shortsightedness, but i now give the floor to me.
 lithuania also attaches great importance to the role of other international forums in tackling anti-terrorism issues.
 the 1 court of appeal in the united states of america, the court of first instance of the district court, has rendered the verdict.
 in this connection, the number of displaced persons and displaced persons in the northern governorates of katanga, in the north-east of katanga, is not available in the north-east.
 as a result of the fighting in kabul and the air strikes at the end of july, international organizations were compelled to resort to city.
 we also urge the government to consider reducing the feasibility of reducing the cost of pre-employment training.
 at this very moment, i can only say that the government simply has no choice but to go to the government.
 the current operating budget of the united nations totalled a total of less than 40 us dollars per person per year.
 another area that should be made on 31 december 2001 should be set up at a rate of 10 per cent for non-residential purposes.
 the president's position is and mrs. president.
 the world trade organisation will be convened by seattle, and it is a forum that suits the forum.
 according to the above questions, the secretary of state recommended that the basic skills be established for primary and secondary schools, university graduates and professional groups.
 it is unwise, if so so, not to reject the language of the so-called so-called unanimous language.
 the regular cross-border screening of cross-boundary and processing (30).
 any person affected by the amendments may submit a written statement of objection to the secretary of the town planning board on or before february 24, 2000.
 the hong kong progressive alliance (hkpa) is of the view that the hong kong progressive alliance (hkpa) is basically supportive.
 on the contrary, the ecuadorian import <unk> export movement has increased the growth of 2<unk>3 and the number of contacts between the two countries.
 the recent example of this is the steady build-up in the shrine.
 the range of items envisaged is contained in article 11 of the procurement model model law.
 the chairman of the panel on surveyors of the hong kong institute of surveyors will speak on the theme of the survey.
 the 12-year-old youth who were arrested on june 15 were released on bail pending further investigations.
 the issue is often communicated to the ministry of foreign affairs of israel, but there is no progress at all.
 the regional security system has expanded its capacity to collect information on the activities of the eastern caribbean region of the eastern caribbean.
 she also wished to know what was meant by the selection of non-governmental organizations and their information and the commission to use such information.
 in order to protect consumers ' interests, i have the honour to submit this motion on behalf of the democratic party.
 turkey has encouraged the implementation of the policies of the director-general to encourage representatives of the field, but the country should provide financial contributions or pay contributions.
 at the same time, 15 different types of shoes were shoes.
 as already signed by the signature of the treaty, the procedure provided for in accordance with the provisions of the treaty has been signed.
 it is important to address these realities and to ensure that most of them can return to their homes.
 there should be no short-term details of the list of states, and the continuation of a direct victim continues to be the elderly, women and children.
 honourable members will move an amendment to hon tam yiu-chung's motion.
 as to the underemployment rate, it was also observed that the construction industry, the trade and industry sectors and manufacturing industry.
 as a result of the budgetary constraints, a number of limitations have been imposed on the costs and expenditure of lawyers.
 this is the type of exception that must be available for a period of time, and it is not as long as possible.
 and at the end of the weekend, these places have been interrupted for a weekend.
 another thing that bank banks want to do is the government's instructions to deal with its business.
 please call 2734 9009; please call 249: 2734 9009.
 as a result, taiwan's taiwan straits could find ways to study.
 the criminal code, referred to in article 1 of the georgian penal bank accounts, is set out in paragraphs 1 to 201 of the georgian bank accounts.
 " we also need to expand the training and traffic aspects, " he said.
 since the establishment of the united nations 50 years since the establishment of the united nations, albania has experienced the most glaring experience of the continent.
 we are not in favour of adopting pressure on nuclear issues in the process of resolving the north korean nuclear issue.
 then, you would like to ask why you would like to ask why you have not allowed you to join you. no.
 he had been detained for several days after being detained by the indian army.
 investigations by accident investigation team, traffic, hong kong island, are continuing.
 the finland will actively participate in the efforts of the conference, with an effective treaty to put an end to the proliferation of anti-personnel landmines.
 in addition, articles 13 to 18 of the international system should be considered in line with international institutions of specific activities.
 in 1970-1975 counsellor, the crown prince of the us embassy in italy.
 there should be a code of ethics for legitimate commercial activities in the areas of conflict in conflict areas.
 prerequisites should be should, and the provisions should be equitable, non-discrimination and objective.
 the answer is yes.
 the spokesman added that all the purchases of flats for all the above-mentioned two sale arrangements were not available for sale.
 in the same period, 65000 people were born in hong kong. the death toll was 32000.
 however, i have dealt with it as a matter of urgency to deal with the interests of the balkans and the people's minds.
 some chinese leaders said: " when the chinese government talks about the future, the chinese government has the chinese. "
 more than any other group, they need the attention of families, the community and the government.
 according to reports, the food-for-food sector has been exported to food-borne diseases, such as food-for-food processing and so on.
 with regard to the choice of the children of their children, luxembourg has proposed reservations at the time of ratification of this convention.
 they also discussed and agreed that the arms must be prevented from entering the country.
 in the short term, the government should take a careful account of the views of the trade and listen to their views.
 i would like to thank you, i would like to go to all the victims of the previous decade.
 ni kuang said that women's clandestines were sold in taiwan.
 the overall plan focuses on promoting girls and women's self-esteem.
 he strongly categorically determined that the administration and palau was determined to defend the environment and culture of palau.
 on july 21, 1928, the chinese communist party thaksin on july 21, 1928, opened the door to the revolutionary union.
 at the time of the promotion of a chicken farmer.
 the advisory committee requests that no copies of these arrangements have been received, but no copies of the arrangements have been received.
 in this context, the committee is trying to understand the whole of iraq's entirety.
 the special rapporteur undertook a visit to rwanda.
 those who are concerned are losers.
 the main reason for the unencumbered balance was the extension of the force programme.
 moreover, as a member of the international donor community, we will continue to be directly involved in the direct contributions of the palestinian people.
 activities in the field of space technology research and practical applications should be enhanced.
 according to the basic law, the hong kong special administrative region (sar) has all enjoyed the elections and the right to vote.
 40 enterprises in the service industry are in the midst of an amount of $ 216000, to create or to save over 79 jobs.
 in early june, members of the council participated in the drafting of a further response to the nuclear tests conducted by india and pakistan.
 i take this opportunity to thank the international organizations and international organizations, international organizations and the united nations itself.
 our friend, who is persuaded by the entrepreneurial spirit, helps to find a demand for assistance.
 after that, the wave of storm tide has also caused hong kong, and this has been a period of painful adjustment.
 ah, yesterday, it was also closed yesterday.
 after the protests were protested by the public, some people continued to keep intimidated and rehearsed with heavy water, and the police were using heavy water.
 the establishment of trade points work (see annex 4) has been formulated in recent years.
 i think it is most important that the civil service respect the civil service and you have to sit on the negotiating table.
 the committee is concerned about changes in the pension system for the benefit of women affected by changes in the pension system.
 (iii) the office of the force commander, since the office of the force office is sensitive to the dissemination of information on two local level posts.
 in fact, it has been decided to reduce the expectations of the world economy and international trade.
 the ministry of community development, the ministry of social development and the support division of the family support division, has already undertaken publicity campaigns, exhibitions and similar activities.
 the gizmondo morgan, vice president of the gizmondo mormony, said: " this exhibition is highly successful in this exhibition.
 the international community should treat human rights globally in a fair and equal manner.
 despite some obvious difficulties, these positive developments have shown that the prevention of conflict is a strategic strategy that is emerging.
 the 2 clause of the joint declaration is contained in annex iii to the basic law.
 he was kicked and kicked.
 the us dollar deposits increased by 17 per cent in july, following a 17 per cent increase in the number of 177 per cent in december.
 the committee wished to know the findings of the commission.
 women's ability to participate fully in society, however, depends on the economic and social rights of the economic and social rights.
 many of the discussions of the general assembly and the committees have clearly reflected the urgent need for common concern.
 it must end their despair and pain.
 " we will be confident that all hong kong will be preserved. "
 in the above-mentioned positions, the chinese side submits a reasonable solution for the chinese government.
 in the us$ 2000000000, after all, only $ 123000000 was allocated for the purchase of humanitarian goods.
 the rent indices reflected in the consumer price indices (cpis) reflected in the consumer price indices.
 the jurisdiction of this approach will be transferred to the original refund in the original security area.
 in his view, the preparatory work of the beijing olympic games and its predecessors, before the 2008 olympic games, will succeed.
 during the last year, the committee considered the crucial issue of productive employment at the most recent session of the committee.
 the mode of economic measured in the measurement of economic measurement is a critical condition for us.
 the protection of maternity leave pursuant to the 2000 protection of maternity leave is prohibited under the protection of maternity leave for women.
 in paraguay, there has also been significant improvement in the use of river channels as a transit transport route for the transportation of road traffic routes.
 everyone welcomed the visit.
 in this regard, it is also agreed that the secretary for financial services will face great developments and we look forward to the earliest possible time.
 as far as the public is concerned, the importance of the culture of art is more than ever.
 in most countries, the population of the population is far faster than the overall population growth.
 a 45-year-old man was found dead in the fire in which a 45-year-old man was killed in the fire.
 in addition, the archives of the archives were reported on 12 may 1994.
 ladies and gentlemen, ladies and gentlemen, i am honoured to officiate at the opening ceremony of china's space technology achievements.
 <unk> <unk> <unk> a <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk>.
 these proposals have already been put in place for many years.
 a police spokesman reiterated: " there is no need for the public to be pressed, " a police spokesman stressed.
 anyone who is aware of the whereabouts of the missing persons is urged to contact the investigating officers of the regional missing persons unit of kowloon east 27333 or 2733 0116.
 in this context, the secretariat was informed that the secretariat would wish to review the timetable of its duration.
 the 74-year-old thread, the voices of a 74-year-old man, did not feel satisfied.
 this incident occurred on the way to the close of cross-taket.
 as a matter of fact, the number of unemployed people is very high.
 a number of industrial undertakings have been further taken into consideration by the government of the heavily indebted poor countries (hipcs) from all of the industrial countries.
 there has been a great tragedy in the centuries and in the millennium.
 mr deputy president, i would like to say a few words on the subject of this matter.
 the number of casualties in armed conflict is 90 per cent.
 the russelling revolution will be known as the revolutionary revolution in biotechnology.
 i think it is more important to see the chinese government's intention to consider the precise scope of the draft basic law.
 violations of these rights can be brought to the court of justice.
 the united nations is an appropriate forum for dealing with many of these challenges.
 this cost provision is used to meet the needs of the iraqi people to meet the growing needs of food and medicine.
 note: chinese language funds and chinese personal chinese temples are set up soon after the enactment of the ordinance in 1928.
 it is well known that there is sometimes a difference between recruitment and compulsory recruitment of recruitments.
 when i read the japanese written page on the japanese yen, i wrote letters to you.
 at the same time, inflation is still high, and the inflation rate for this year is expected to be almost 10 per cent.
 mr ip also mentioned just now that many of the voters in the legal profession have joined the law.
 i am also very much agreeing with the proposed amendment to a number of administrative regulations.
 i hereby hereby no longer need to repeat here again.
 several of the draft resolutions will be submitted to the 1 session of the cpg.
 imis requires a profound impact on the functioning of the united nations personnel, the budget and the operation of financial management practices.
 if the people are still unable to purchase, they will be able to purchase their bids.
 to tie in with the relevant measures, customs, the department of lands and the planning department will carry out the verification of work with the oil-for-food company.
 mr. wang yingfan (china) (spoke in chinese): as like the other honourable colleagues, i would like to congratulate you as chairman of the council.
 in addition, the military observers and civilian police are unable to ensure security.
 the objective of the text is to provide the relevant countries with political choice and rights to the relevant countries concerned.
 police officers were urged to investigate and raid three rooms of the three hotels who took part in the operation.
 they have to accept the continued professional training of their countries and their registration <unk> mandated <unk>
 the ed will invite the parents to participate in the central allocation.
 however, these techniques are enormous.
 i was very much hesitant in hesitation.
 the contradiction between the words 3 in paragraph 3 of the operative paragraph 3.
 the minimum age for the purpose of the mandate is to benefit all of the people of the community.
 the view was expressed that the draft guide should address the issue of remuneration given to the insolvency representative.
 i would not like to repeat the arguments put forward earlier, but i hope you will give them a fair and impartial civil servant.
 in the absence of any other speaker, the chairman agreed that the debate should be adjourned.
 he said: " you 've got to work hard in its work, " he said.
 i think that the ceiling levels should be due to the authorities concerned, and there is no need for a fixed penalty.
 the ravages of the sisters, the ravages and storms of starvation in the sisters of the sisters of the sisters of the sister nation.
 " we should continue to enhance the standard of service, and this is the aspiration of our society. "
 it is a major step forward in the future.
 it is clear now that the community is clearly in favour of the adoption of a bill of rights through a bill of rights ordinance.
 in my view, the government is " right ".
 however, when his delegation returned to new york, it was prevented from entering the united states.
 " there will be a slowdown in the pace of economic recovery in southeast asia. "
 his delegation believed that the court should be guided by a number of guidelines.
 in order to reduce capital flows in the short term, i think the government should be more actively involved in the policy.
 the vienna convention on the law of treaties, referred to in the vienna convention on the law of treaties, deals with the issue of the reservations of human rights treaties.
 myanmar has chosen the path of democracy: the government of myanmar is establishing a truly democratic country.
 it was also reported that, on 7 june 2000, the rwandan soldiers were allegedly beaten with 7, including five children, including five children.
 " we will submit the appeal to the appeal board as soon as possible, " he said.
 (b) the management of private land is the responsibility of land titles.
 this is even more vulnerable.
 we also think that hong kong's cultural life is really a city's ideal city. "
 in some countries, cross-border transfers of cross-border deterrence, such as smuggling, smuggling or foreign exchange controls.
 more than 95<unk> of the salaries tax and personal income tax revenue tax tax revenue tax revenue will be received within the next two weeks.
 we must, however, overcome the distressing and careful hint of japan.
 in the sudan, the ministry of women's and family affairs is responsible for preparing the preparations for the ministry of womens affairs and family affairs.
 he also served as secretary of the executive committee of administrative committee and organization of the executive committee of the executive committee of the executive committee.
 the exhibition will be organized by the italian permanent mission of italy and the department of public information, which will conclude on friday, 5 november.
 at the same time, the differences in life expectancy at birth are different (table 3 and map).
 secondly, it is a checks and balance between administrative and legislative legislation.
 even if not public transport on a small scale, almost no one working on the streets is in the street.
 this year may be different from that of life.
 next, let's take a look at the policy of the bush administration to implement iraq's policy over the past.
 in addition, members of the committee are also able to observe the investigation of the complaints against police office.
 it's a very good design for me to make me a very good point.
 in spite of a good financial aspect, structural adjustment programmes have not been able to achieve its objective in terms of gdp growth.
 right, very different.
 if we hope that the united nations will have an important status in the united nations, we must have the means to move ahead with the united nations.
 the financial secretary referred to the words " under the lion rock " under the budget speech.
 the housing authority will carry out remedial works to carry out remedial works to carry out remedial works.
 after the deputy prime minister, mr deputy president, i believe that this is the last legislative council session.
 " the industrial accidents and accidents of industrial accidents have a downward trend.
 the croatian police, who may be able to enter the control area, will be able to carry out regular briefings and vehicle patrols.
 in the three fundamental issues of opportunity, mr cheung noted that it was misunderstanding of the education department.
 the united nations needs more support than ever before.
 prior to the commencement of the registration scheme, the administration will carefully consider all the views expressed by the registration scheme.
 president: mr martin lee: mr martin lee: mr martin lee, you are seeking advice, and it is not appropriate to solve the problem.
 in fact, the government has recently been surrounded by winds, saying that the civil service may reduce the civil service pay.
 on the evening of the last day of the visit, he will visit north america on the last 10 days of washington.
 the export of united nations exports to united nations exports increased from 22 per cent in 1990 to 28 per cent in 2000.
 it expects to be completed in 2004.
 at its 12 session, in september 2001, the court decided to bring this matter to the meeting of the states parties.
 she was told that she was wearing a pair of shoes.
 15. despite the need for analysis and quantity of data, the contents of the data contained in the annex are smaller.
 however, the report noted that although there were foods in the local market, the purchasing power of the people was very limited.
 the advisory committee concurs with this view and recommended that the current rate of contribution is 23.7 per cent.
 the achievements of the international community in the fight against terrorism should not be carried out as soon as possible.
 the authorities have acknowledged the recognition of the interests of the sovereign state in the interests of the sovereign and sovereign.
 the hong kong economy, however, has experienced a continuous growth in hong kong's economy.
 this should be so.
 the under-secretary-general noted that the time frame for the commission was not defined.
 over the years, a large number of documents have proved that the cost of water supply has not caused a loss of life.
 the treaty ban on nuclear weapons is limited to nuclear testing by banning nuclear weapons rather than a new weapons system or new arms system.
 they answered that because of a high priority, he was unable to receive him.
 overall, the overall picture is much lower than that of its part.
 (b) the light rail transit (lpg) lights will be included in the average duration of the hourly closing date of the general public month.
 the green paper will be misinterpreted by those who mistreated the green paper.
 it became a member of the china appointed as members of the china appointed as members of the chinese newly appointed licensing office in 1993.
 the department also issued 25 occupation permits -- seven on hong kong island, seven in kowloon and 16 in the new territories.
 priority is given to requests for cooperation between the state and the strengthening of the country's capacities for national development and cooperation.
 the age group weekly averages approximately 5 hours per week.
 this phase will lead to a combined rate of reimbursement for all other equipment and supplies.
 we must carefully use the international law as the most powerful advocate of the law.
 at present, economic co-operation in science and technology has been unprecedented and that the world is moving towards accelerating towards multi-polarization.
 on the other hand, chinese culture and art are subject to the issue of exchange of information with the museum of art.
 at the time of the meeting, he was wearing a spectacular moment.
 i have made a response to the response of the chinese medical to the crisis in west africa.
 however, the fundamental commitment of the people of angola to national reconciliation and national reconciliation is to be achieved.
 exporters and investors have increased significantly in the european union.
 there is little evidence that fiji has a riot.
 as a result of this, we feel very happy because this is a very good one.
 china's brazilian peaches, incense, and fools have successively established bacteriological water from taiwan.
 these women also have a equal equal equal equal equal equal equal equal remuneration or equal work.
 (a) with more than 50 per cent of the country's top 50 per cent of its economic excesses, it is generally possible to include developed countries.
 today, saint lucia has 1 for the 1 time in his history.
 sometimes, non-governmental organizations have attempted to influence a government.
 this fanatic is a product of a state-of-the-art state-of-the-art system.
 recently there have been a few recent groups which have passed away.
 however, with the rest of the population, there will be a need for continuing resources.
 in the capital, baghdad, a police officer raided at least five people and injuring 19 people.
 in several months ' time, the police had been decreasing the number of human rights violations and other irregularities.
 his election was highlighted as an integral part of his personal merits and his experience in international affairs in international affairs.
 as the tourism industry is " people-oriented ", there is no shortage of people in hong kong.
 a 10-metre-long cross-cutting line of 173 m2 of calcutta and 133 mw to 173 m2.
 word " withdrawal ".
 at the same time, the housing department has also given special attention to the hawkers.
 in non-revolutionary security conditions, the debtors liabilities should also be borne by the debtor.
 i am confident that these arrangements will be in the future, in particular in the area of mutual legal assistance.
 however, in the context of urgent needs, we have not seen any meaningful progress.
 the explosion occurred in the vicinity of the scene, but there were no casualties in the vicinity of the scene.
 the council has also begun to hold a new agenda, which is open to all states members of the united nations.
 the democratic republic of the congo has noted that all measures have been taken to ensure that all measures have been taken in the future.
 as mentioned above, the document was not mentioned in section viii of the document.
 i accept the wording of the secretary for constitutional affairs as a matter of fact.
 fair distribution of wealth is equally important.
 the two vacancies continue to be filled, and the meeting adjourned the meeting on that day.
 the car parks will be suspended.
 at present, spending on clients ' portfolios is steadily expanding, and the performance of the company's 500-500 industrial index remains stable.
 a lot of people have been allowed to enter the card.
 in mid-july this year, li zijian had visited japan at 8 p.m. to attend the 8 world conference on women.
 the 3 meeting will be held in brussels from 14 to 20 may 2001.
 the project is part of the ma wan island development plan.
 according to this commitment, france will report to the secretariat to explain the details of these two sites as soon as possible.
 the host also stressed that the secretariat was fully involved in the preparation of the background document, including the preparation of the background document.
 we fully share the importance of the commission on human settlements.
 on december 12, mr philip chok said mr cheng was delighted to be appointed as the first academic professor of professor deng.
 the smallest seven is the happiness of his friends.
 mr cheung also made a keynote speech at the " safety health " of hong kong's occupational safety and health administration, " he said.
 i would like to ask you what you really wanted to see.
 on the other hand, the new strength of the new airport in hong kong is the most effective and technological equipment that has been established.
 although financial resources are limited, many small amounts of money are able to spend money with money.
 as regards the content of the draft articles, the view was expressed that the current content of the draft articles had been too complex.
 this is not only because we want the rule of law to uphold the rule of law, because we have to preserve our international financial position.
 the percentage of resources allocated for the biennium 2002-2003 is shown in table 8.1 of the total allocation for the biennium 2000-2001.
 as the secretary-general had stated, all states needed to fulfil as soon as possible.
 of course, this writer was not opposed to the fact that the university was not opposed to employment.
 well, when he was found to be under the age of 16 years, he was found to be under the age of 18.
 the israeli occupying forces also destroyed a house in the village, destroying housing and destruction and destroyed another.
 those who seek to consult their doctors are advised to consult their doctors in order to avoid diagnosing diagnostic and governance.
 child prostitution is a consideration of a consideration of the forms of discrimination or otherwise, depending on the availability of children, to facilitate sexual activity.
 this is no good achievement.
 at the same time, the value of orders-on-hand in the metal products industry increased further by 2<unk> over a year earlier.
 it is equally important to seriously consider the serious external debt of the african countries, which account for 1<unk>3 of those countries ' export earnings.
 after a half debate and a half debate, we are now going back to the same time as we have just started.
 the panel of experts has 14 experts working groups, and members of their respective strengths are involved in the work of their respective countries.
 a further provision is made for the training of experts in tactical tactics.
 the entire project will be completed in the autumn of 2006.
 south-south cooperation should not be seen as a substitute for north-south cooperation and should be complementary to it.
 investigations by special investigation team, traffic, new territories south, are proceeding.
 the family network is collapsed and there are many changes in traditional family structures.
 in order to ensure that the quality of the chinese language quality is available, the quality of chinese translation books has been established.
 another speculation is: " the banking sector is best placed to make the money.
 some people are said to have been injured.
 although the delegation of the ethiopian delegation appreciated the leadership role, the topic was just a few interesting issues.
 the united nations contingents would assist the people of those who might wish to interfere in the process of democratization.
 however, these policies are effective in these policy instruments, which must be integrated into education, health and management, etc.
 however, the authorities deny that this person denied that he had been transferred to the places where he had been left behind.
 in order to avoid the special interests of political parties, the special interests of political parties should be subject to internal control and restraint.
 it is expected that, in the year 2000, there will be a background information and exercise for the right to development.
 it seems that sun yun cloud has experienced numerous waves of ravages.
 the chairman of the committee on small and medium-sized enterprises (smes) today (thursday) presented the report to the chief executive with three working groups.
 asianet daily summary-press releases distributed for tuesday, november 20, 2001.
 as a result of the history of history, the area of the new territories is only under collective control only by collective agents.
 we welcome partnerships in this area. "
 if you 've got to make it clear that " you 're just a little boy ", you 've got to know what " love you ".
 prior to its inception in may 1998, the indonesian security forces were apparently unable to do so.
 let's watch a series of four clusters of films in the next phase of new zealand.
 the commission adopted the relevant provisions of resolution 1171 (1998) of 18 june 1998.
 15. during the trial period, it was suggested that the effects of affected areas be affected by the effects of the testing system.
 a number of programmes were broadcast by national television stations, which helped to enhance the public awareness of this matter.
 if a person aged 65 or below is over 65, there is a reward of equal employment and is entitled to a pension.
 in general, this is not the case.
 he is making progress towards the ming dynasty.
 the special rapporteur requested the special rapporteur to conduct a review of the regulations under the ordinance.
 " the labour department will try to find out suitable job vacancies and facilitate employment. "
 thanks to china's recent accession to the world trade organization (wto) world trade organization (wto) and the 2008 olympic games.
 recently, a graduate of the university of hong kong, the university teaches the university of hong kong.
 on the whole, the existing system is already playing a check and balance.
 he said that if someone was thrown into theft, then he had been assured that several thousand people were safe.
 the kosovo serbs participated in the elections and clear their importance for the right to self-government.
 it was the headquarters of the ruf headquarters.
 the " signboard " presents the " signboard " so far. "
 this request is not revealed by the request, " the officer-in-charge said: " it is entirely a pity that alexander and barract.
 <unk> 194 <unk> new zealand's new zealand, vol. c. ll. c. ll. c. ll. c. ll. ll., p. 489.
 in the traditional market, two chickens were robbed of their businesses.
 details of the proposal, which will be put up at the site, will be put up at the site for inspection.
 it is because the dpp is a new dpp movement.
 in the manufacturing industry, it is indeed a choice for many employees to choose.
 the claimant provided credit security for exporters and contractors.
 the government has set up a national plan for the implementation of the national plan for the implementation of the platform for action.
 the committee recommends that more attention be given to the accuracy of estimated requirements.
 in accordance with the health of the health-care sector, all persons in estonia are entitled to medical (art. 5).
 the european union believes that the lusaka agreement is the most viable basis for conflict resolution.
 the national daily also quoted economists of the world bank's bangkok office in bangkok, " said the world bank. "
 the pope is published by the people of liaoning and the people of liaoning and the liaoning publishing house.
 madam president, today, the secretary for home affairs, mr michael suen, is a " fish, " and we do not have any further troubles.
 in the darkness of the atmosphere, i may say that some of the things may be something else.
 the government of japan contains comments on the draft statute of the international court of justice in the above-mentioned statement.
 after the performance, audiences had enthusiastically enthusiasticed the audience and staff members.
 i can also cite some examples, saying that some people have been sent to the hospital authority to seek jobs in the hospital authority.
 the amendment needs to be amended to reflect the latest development of the latest developments in kowloon.
 in fact, all of you have come to chongqing.
 the panel is supporting the inclusion of gender issues in the case of gender issues in 2001.
 she has a high degree of soundness and enjoys all the right to life.
 all departments involved will take part in the activities involved in the activities involved in the activities involved in the activities of the various sectors.
 with regard to this obligation of the state party, the committee noted that the report would be referred to as the current situation in other countries.
 it is estimated that, in cases where 100 fighters are normally used in the case of a small arms race, approximately 15 per hour.
 secondly, in order to reduce tensions.
 we will first take action on the economic and other activities that affect the interests of the peoples of the non-self-governing territories.
 the defendant pleaded guilty to his daughter's daughter.
 in addition, peacekeeping cash has not cashed in cash.
 my delegation also thanks very much to the under-secretary-general, mr. edgarno and the special representative of the special representative of the secretary-general.
 in the developing countries, the attractiveness of foreign investment into the foreign capital is likely to provoke financial instability.
 the meeting was held in prague on 24 and 25 june 1998 in prague.
 because of the transfer of the banking licence, the number of banks in hong kong remains unchanged at 177.
 this has been largely attributable to the distortion of the differences between the past 5 years and the past 5 years.
 aids has resulted in the suffering of the disease and the suffering of the children and the suffering of the tribes.
 in january this year, mr. sergio vieira de mello suggested that the strengthening of the effectiveness of the civilian police process should be generally enhanced.
 our assessment is that the conditions for return to sierra leone are not yet available.
 the youth growth rate is increasing at a rate of 19 per cent in africa.
 at the same time, the situation has become more and more difficult, for example, thailand, china, indonesia, korea, korea, korea and india.
 more than 15,000 hours of life-saving consumers in the united states will have a more than 150,000 advertisements.
 i believe that the humanitarian situation in iraq must be disastrous.
 this is a subject that deserves to be watched.
 the department of disarmament affairs also calls upon the department to help the member states to make a new impetus to the political will of the member states.
 our financial position is better than the british, and it is absolutely necessary to do so.
 on the end of 2004, the images were last seen in the end of 2004, but his deputy zari<unk>s <unk>
 the 4 area is the establishment of the rule of law.
 the administration of the <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk>
 it is not true that the government has said that it is not true.
 on the day of the performance day, after the performance of the nationalist party of the national taiwan institute of music, only a brief description of the t'ien's clandestine has been set.
 gross surplus accounted for 17.2<unk> of the total receipts, which was 0.1 of a percentage point lower than in 1995.
 in post-conflict situations, children are under the rank of society where children need care.
 the bosnian serb forces were armed with military attacks on the civilian population and suffered casualties every day.
 a spokesman for the department said that a total of 50000 had been successfully completed during the two-week field period, with a response rate of 90<unk>.
 the chickens were transported to the market before they were examined and tested through the testing and blood test. "
 he said that the secretariat hoped that the executive board would continue to provide guidance for these practices.
 the demilitarized zone is about 240 kilometres long, with 10 kilometres from iraq and 5 kilometres into kuwait.
 more than 70 per cent of all children engaged in family services were women.
 accordingly, a number of measures have been introduced to ensure that women prisoners are required to meet the needs of prisoners.
 consolidation of the regime established by the treaty for the prohibition of nuclear weapons in latin america and the caribbean (treaty of tlatelolco).
 taiwan's 1 tour of liu liu also came to taiwan because of war.
 the central meteorological station estimates that the cooling of cold weather will affect the south china southern side of wah kai north south.
 this section reviews the reasons for the absence of the right to food in the past.
 at the end of the 19 century, the caves of cattle were white.
 the criminal law and criminal procedure act has been amended to promote national legal systems.
 any person who has not been empowered to impose appropriate legal sanctions against any person would be able to comply with the procedures for the implementation of the mandate.
 the government has launched a series of activities to consolidate hong kong's confidence.
 however, the federal budget of the armed forces was too large, and the federal budget was unable to maintain it.
 after the opening of the meeting, the hong kong special administrative region (sar) was also guest of honor of performing arts.
 speaking at the opening ceremony, the director of home affairs, mr lee shing-yen, said: " hong kong has always been a immigrants society.
 on 30 may, a new fighting broke out at abdullah's army and the taliban captured the new fighting fighting in the north-western provinces.
 the computer system and the search warrants are also extremely vulnerable. they also trigger significant issues.
 this document will be a voluntary member of the asean regional forum on the membership of asean.
 on the day of daily day, soldiers will be returned to the end of the day, and they have been repeatedly postponed.
 " the greater the burden of the mpf system, the greater the burden of society. "
 the committee was informed that, at the disposal of the united nations assistance mission for rwanda, the use of these vehicles was economically viable.
 on the contrary, they are often viewed as enemies of the people, and therefore the people of the people do not work together.
 the railway system is an important aspect of perfecting the system of transport systems.
 in accordance with the provisions of the convention, it is recognized that troop-contributing countries are important partners in peacekeeping operations.
 i feel sorry, so i feel sorry for my voters.
 through this election, china is fully in a position to ensure that hong kong is a dictatorship that is in force.
 it seemed that, despite the author's intention to use this procedure, they did not use it.
 it is therefore not an easy task to follow suit.
 the results of the presentation will be announced in july.
 <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk>
 however, madam president, the bill today has a great deal of doubt as to whether the bill will be implemented within the transitional period.
 after the new arrival in los angeles, sandin returned from new zealand to the united states on february 3.
 the financial secretary, mr antony leung, introduced the hong kong economy and future generations.
 the economy also highly depends on energy resources, particularly natural gas production and processing.
 some experts expressed the opinion that statistics on the issue could not be fully respected.
 as a result, we need to choose a variety of differential needs.
 in 1978 there had been a chaotic situation in china.
 in the context of the shanghai forum, bishkek has been established.
 at the same time, the united nations must also recognize that its fundamental basis has changed.
 we will continue to persuade teenagers and adolescents who have a negative impact on the health of young people. "
 part of the outcome of the study follows: in the social research studies, mathematics, fusion, agriculture and appetite.
 this year's proceeds from the stall of the year amounted to $ 10250, representing close to 24<unk> of the total.
 these provisions should be dealt with by the chinese side.
 the cost of non-monetary items in other currencies is based on the united nations operational rate of exchange for other currencies.
 we also believe that the establishment of an international criminal court is the fundamental means to promote respect for international law and human rights.
 furthermore, we are more than 2 consecutive years of service in the best service sector in hong kong.
 after the incident, my friend's doctors told me that they were strong friends.
 " the amendment is necessary, " the spokesman said.
 this resulted in the forced displacement of bilateral negotiations in the course of the course.
 to this end, member states have to pay their respects and pay their assessed contributions to their legal obligations.
 information kept in the central register of establishments is updated on a quarterly basis. updated information in respect of the 2 quarter of 1999 is now available.
 for more than half a century, human lives have been living in fear of fear of death.
 he said that in order to resolve these problems, a cabinet committee had established a cabinet with the prime minister.
 the longer it is, the longer it is to be done, the longer the time is for 2003.
 there is no other group of other groups.
 the seriousness of the acts of conduct with a serious violation of article 3 of the geneva convention is comparable.
 a summary of these financial statements is attached as an account of the financial statements of the financial statements.
 in the southern part of yunnan, there will be a heavy rains in south-east asia.
 the government and the people of the government of the comoros have expressed their condolences to the family of the government of the united states of america.
 there will also be a plan for the formation of a programme of action by undp to establish a framework for trust funds.
 the bureau of the year 2000 was chaired by the chairman of the delegation of mali, mali, malian and ukraine as vice-president of the two delegations.
 ohchr will facilitate the right to development in its development, planning, policy and operational activities.
 the vocational training council, which is about 70 examination examinations per week, can accommodate some 3000 candidates.
 when the culprit escaped, the culprit had fled the scene and asked him to get the incident.
 the administration has announced today that today is the japanese yen.
 for example, in phase iii, pesticides have been put into practice.
 " the important thing is that the peace process should be continued and it should be possible to work and employment.
 a 30 per cent decrease has been made in printing.
